Energy and Magic

	Magic is not how some people perceive it. The majority of people in
this world do not even acknowledge the existence of magic. Science is
today's god, as it seems to have all the answers. That is in part true.
It has many of the answers for questions that start with "HOW", but very
few definite answers for the infinite number of "WHY" questions. Those,
by virtue of the human mind, which has been given the power of free
will, are left up to the individual person and their beliefs, or faith.
However, as science continues to fail to answer new questions, their
usefulness will be questioned and ultimately discarded. The same thing
with religion. Faith in religions around the world have begun to wane
greatly with the advent and study of science and politics, however the
biggest reason is that now we can explain most of the miracles seen
today, and no longer see those miracles that we cannot explain yet
people want so much. Religions are now being exposed for what they have
become. Systematic organizations of thought bent on controlling the
masses through use of fear.  They may have started intent on saving the
soul, but as money got involved, and science brought on a materialism
that we have never seen before, the usual happened. Corruption. A
preacher even told me when I was a practicing Christian, that I would go
to Hell if I did not pay my tithe (10% of your income before taxes.) I
got up and left right there. It is all to clear today that money and
power have corrupted the most "holy," and I use that term loosely, of
people. Also the fact that most of the major faiths of today have been
created by man and therefore are not flawless as any actual Divine thing
should be. Being of human origins also forces them wide open to being
disproved by other human concepts. Science in reality has killed God
with its almost endless explanations. Life is no longer looked at as the
miracle it is, but just another biological process. No one cares how the
person gains their will, personality etc., only how they may soon be
able to change it. As I said before, interest and knowledge in and of
magic has began to resurface. Not to be created, but to reappear. You
see, magic a.k.a. "The Old Ways" etc. was around long before any kind of
Christian God, Jesus, Noah, or for that matter even before the oldest of
the Eastern Philosophies. That is because magic is energy manipulation,
and energy is part of the universe, part of the creation of God, part of
the natural selection and evolution of Darwin and most importantly, part
of you. Yes you. Let me explain. Magic is not a gift of blood, a
birthright, an acquired art or for that matter, simply limited to man or
his mind. No, magic is anything and everything. Using magic however IS a
gift, acquired art or taught to you. There are certain Fundamentals of
working with energy that you must know before you can start to use it.
That is my purpose here. Not to teach you magic, but to give the
foundations of magic and a few useful tips on how to use it. The reason
that I will not be able to teach you is because everyone must find his
or her own ways in life. With that said, let us begin. 

Fundamentals: 

	The fundamentals of magic are actually quite simple.  It starts with a
basic knowledge of what is going on with magic.  Again, if you know how
something works, you can control it.  With that, the accepted definition
of magic.  Using free will to manipulate energy to create the desired
effect.  Technically speaking, picking up a glass is magic.  You use
free will; manipulate the energies in both your brain and arm to pick up
the glass, which was the desired effect.  Se how simple it can be?  It
is just so commonplace that people take it for granted.  What needs to
be done is you need to first familiarize yourself with the energy
itself, as this is what makes magic work.  Here, I detail a few
exercises that can be done to help you not only recognize, but also
become familiar with energy.  

#1- Personal Power/Energy 

	Sit down and close your eyes. Clear your mind of all thoughts except
for what I am suggesting to do. Place your hands facing each other and
slowly move them back and forth, coming close to, but never touching
them together. Continue doing this until you can feel your hands close
together. Not until you know that they are close together, but until you
can feel your energies come in contact with each other. These energies
are sometimes refereed to as the Aura. It can surround your body from a
few inches to a few feet out. You might feel the attraction or repulsion
as you would with a couple of magnets depending on how one of them was
turned. Continue doing this until you can begin to do it at any time day
or night without thinking of it. You are training your brain to respond
to your own "power." Once you can do it with your hands, then try it
with your hands and feet, or head etc. until you can perform this simple
detection at any point on your body. Now you have become more receptive
to the energies that all our bodies give off. We will take that
knowledge and continue on. 

	Now that you have become more in tune with your own energies, you can
begin to attune yourself to the energies around you. About this time,
you should start to keep a journal of all your experiments and findings,
as they will change from time to time according to the mood you are in,
the time of day, the phase of the moon etc. Record everything that you
feel is important in this journal, and keep it close to you at all
times. Also, either make or buy some clothing or simple garments to use
while performing this and other training sessions. Do not wear these for
anything else but your magic because it will help infuse the garments
and any jewelry you choose to ware with your energies. These types of
things can help your chances of success because it helps "amplify" your
energies for lack of a better term. 

#2- Natural Energies 

	As I said before, energy is in everything.  It is in plants, wind,
stones, furniture and food.  Each energy signature has different
qualities or vibrations that can be used to identify them.  These are
what we will be using here.  It goes along with a concept out of the
Vampire Chronicles, by Anne Rice.  That of "vampire sight."  A small
example is to go somewhere with a rich, full, thriving lawn.  If you
have one on your property, great.  If not, I would suggest a local park.
 One whose gardener/landscaper is paid well.  The point is to find a bed
of grass full of life.  Once you find this, then you can begin the next
exercise.

	Sit in the center of this lawn, to the best of your ability.  You
should sit however you are most comfortable.  Now, you are going to do
the same thing you did in the first exercise, only with the grass.  Move
your hands up and down slowly until you are able to identify the
energies of the grass.  Now continue working with this lawn until you
are able to identify its energy.  While doing this, you should notice a
marked change in the visual appearance of the grass.  While you are
concentrating and "resonating" with its frequencies, its colors should
become incredibly rich and details extremely sharp.  You should be able
to see and feel each blade of grass waving back and forth in a gentle
breeze.  Once you gain experience with the grass, move on to things like
houseplants, pets, even your furniture.  If it is matter, then it has a
frequency of energy.  Once you are able to perceive different forms of
energy and differentiate them with ease, you will be ready to move on to
the next step.

#3- More Complex Energies 

	This is yet another detection exercise to be performed until you have
considerable experience with it.  This exercise takes a profound leap
from the "static" and les complex energies that you have been working
with.  Now that you are familiar with energy as a whole, you can move on
to more complicated sources.  These tend to be things like people and
weather.  These energies tend to be so complicated because of their
constant change and fluctuations.  Here is where your journal entries
will become the most important, as you will be experiencing tons of
different vibrations of energy, along with an increase in the feelings
you are having yourself.  This is where you must be very confident in
your ability to turn you "energy feelers" on or off at will.  This is to
keep you from becoming overly empathic, and feeling the pains and joys
of everyone else all at once, on top of your own!  Trust me; it is not
something that you want to loose control of.  In addition, you should
practice, at least at first, with willing partners, as you do not quite
know whether you will be simply feeling their energy, or actually taking
it from them.  The latter should be avoided until you have more of a
handle on your abilities, as it can be harmful to the person the energy
is being drawn from.  Soon though, you should be able to give and take
energy with ease, along with identifying people's emotions, moods and
other "personal" feelings.  You can then move on to something still
pretty local, but with a larger range.  Weather systems.  Listen to the
light, see the wind, feel all the different states of weather.  Here,
you are not only working on your experience of the "intangible"
energies, but also on your range, as you have been working within your
own personal space since the beginning.

	Just a side note on the giving and taking of energy.  Taking energy
without consent is seriously looked down upon in the magic community. 
It is referred to as a "psychic attack".  Draining a persons energy can
be a dramatic ordeal, ranging from listlessness or fatigue to full blown
panic attacks and even more in the extreme.  Sharing energy however, can
be an entirely pleasurable experience, and even lead to many beneficial
effects such as healing.  Now healing might involve giving or taking
energy, depending on what needs to be done, or how you "know" how to do
it.  Just remember as a rule of thumb, to give energy if necessary,
especially if you take some.

	One last note on psychic attacks.  You should, at this point, develop a
method of "locking up" your energy, in the case you are attacked, or
drained of energy.  This can be done in many ways.  Simply visualizing
yourself or your energy being locked in a safe can work, up to and
including complex protection spells or rituals.  Just do not forget the
combination to the safe.  There are not many "astral safecrackers out
there!

	Now that you have this to work with, I would recommend spending several
months, if not more, working with this scale of energy.  The next scale
can be everything from magnificently massive, to dangerous vacuums and
sensory overloads all combined into one.  More about that later though. 
For now, familiarize yourself with any energy that you can.  The more
that you learn, the easier it will be to begin applying these techniques
in life.

#4- Higher Powers/Energies 

	This is the most complex and indeed possibly dangerous part of these
exercises.  They can be attempted at any point, though I would not
recommend it.  You can loose your mind, and not be able to find it in
these exercises.  The safe point here, is that unless you possess an
excellent and focused ability that has been trained over years, you will
not be able to put yourself into a position where such can occur.  Aside
from the safety issue, this is also where the most beauty occurs and the
potential for "oneness" occurs.  Here is where you can experience the
Dance of Siva, or reunite with the source.  To become One, at least for
a moment.

	To begin with, we must increase your range.  This can be difficult at
first, as you may find that your energy dissipates with the increase of
its range.  You must continue though this as a weightlifter would
continue into muscle failure.  Only with a significantly increased range
can you begin to venture outside of your personal space, and outside
your immediate local, into much larger energies.  These can include
higher powers, multiple higher spheres of influence and even higher
planes of existence.  This is the point where your journal might begin
telling you a story.  It is one that you should listen to, trust me!

	Practical uses here allow for the detection and identification of
energies of other astral bodies, such as spirits, demons, angels and
gods, fairies, sprites and gremlins.  You can also tune into the planets
and possibly the stars, to begin to interpret their influences on your
perceptions.  You might also find yourself slipping or falling into
parallel or higher planes of existence, astral traveling, and even
continuing on "upward" through consecutive spheres of existence towards
the godhead.  This last, of course, is attributed to the ancient system
of Hebrew mysticism known as the Qabbalah, and the Ten Spheres of the
Tree of Life.  I will offer you these few tips to aid you on your way.

	1. The more people that you know that have faith in the old ways, the
better focused your powers will become, and the stronger things you can
do. For example, I was staying with friends of mine in Colorado, and we
all strongly practiced the old ways. It got to the point of being about
30 to 40 people in what you might refer to as a circle, coven, family
etc. From this network of power that was set up, I was able to begin to
do things like call in storms, glimpse the future from time to time,
read the clouds like tarot. However, when I moved away from them, and
severed the link, I lost much of their influence, and was weakened. 

	2. No matter whether you would like to use your powers for good or
evil, remember the laws of Karma. Being brought up in this society,
everyone is taught that good is right and evil is wrong. This is not
true. Neither one is stronger than the other, nor is either one right.
It follows the laws of Karma. If you use your magic for evil purposes,
evil things will happen to you. If you use them for good, then good
things will happen to you. It is that simple. 

	3. For now, the world as a whole does not accept magic anymore, which
is why it became dormant in the first place. The new world religions
came along and changed the faith of the weaker people in this world, and
the old planetary network that was set up was destroyed. Slowly but
surely though, it is being rebuilt. Anyway, what I was trying to say is
that you should not flaunt your magic to anyone that you have the
slightest feelings would not understand any of it, because there are
people out there like James Dobson of Focus on the Family who believe in
killing for their god again. Either there is likely to be another war,
for magic, or another holy crusade to try to do what they think is God's
work again. It is best not to be caught up in it. 

The Three Principles

	There must be a certain amount of responsibility exorcised in the
implementation of any of the “forbidden arts” and knowledge.  It is,
after all, only forbidden because of abuse that stems from the
immaturity of humanity.  Since time immemorial, only learned scholars
would have access to such knowledge, because they would know how to and
how not to use it.  Presumably, one who was educated with knowledge
would know the proper uses of such secrets.  Man soon came to find
though, that knowledge rather than wisdom was a poor judgment to use. 
He began to notice that certain knowledge gave individuals influence
over others or over what were then called supernatural powers.  As we
all know, power corrupts, and in gaining this advantage, immature and
unwise people would use and abuse the knowledge.  In order to keep this
knowledge from being abused, those in possession of the knowledge would
keep it from being taught, or hide it from humanity.  This led to many
losses of knowledge over time.  Secret orders and religious cults were
now being formed, to appropriate the knowledge according to strict
qualifications.  While these led to our modern time dogmas and
doctrines, their meaning has been misconstrued in favor of the literal
translations, and is now being used to shape behavior and to control
actions rather than to teach responsibility.  This responsibility is
absolutely necessary to properly use any forbidden knowledge without
corrupting yourself or your environment.  As I have said before, a good
balance is necessary to make goal-oriented decisions.  These can be
measured according to many standards.  Here I use some definitions that
I learned from an old Nintendo game called Ultima: Quest of the Avatar.

	In this game, you play an adventurer that answers a call for a warrior.
 This warrior must quest over the entire world to better himself in the
Eight Virtues according to the Three Principles.  This quest takes the
main character through many trials, tribulations and tests according to
the virtues set forth in shrines across the land.  These virtues are all
derivations of the combination of the Three Principles of Courage, Love
and Truth.  They combine to become the virtues of Compassion, Justice,
Honesty, Honor, Valor, Sacrifice, Spirituality and Humility.  Through
the observance of these principles and virtues, one can develop the
wisdom necessary to handle powerful knowledge.  Each of these has their
opposite as well.  These can be considered vices or evils and can hinder
your progress towards becoming the Avatar.  After all the virtues are
mastered, one final test must be passed in the Abyss, an ancient system
of caves.  At the end of this cave system is the Codex, a book that
contains all the knowledge of the world.  This is the prize for passing
the test and becoming the Avatar.  As I learned in the Army, when two
people speak, there are six people present.  Each as they see
themselves, each as the see the other, and each as the truly are.  These
principles then lent themselves to each of a person’s nature, social
identity and self identity.  This is the basis of including them here,
so that one may use them as guidelines to define their own standards of
accountability.

	The Principles are the ideal qualities of a great society as well as
great people.  They summarize all the hopes and desires that people are
taught to want.  For me, rather than make myself into what everyone else
wants me to be, I use these principles and virtues as well as their
opposites, to become a person who is highly respected, trusted and
looked up to.  They have taught me much of who I am, and who I want to
be.  They have also given me many glimpses into what I do not want to
be, only through experience rather than knowledge.  It all started with
the truth.

	The truth is where our most useful qualities come from.  It is where
honor and justice are born.  This is the most intimate factor in ones
social identity.  One must be honest enough to love people and to stand
courageously.  People who trust you will give you anything that you need
to accomplish what you choose.  They will take time to listen to what
you have to say and honestly value your opinion in many situations. 
They respect you for your dedication to being honest, as well as saving
them the time of “running around the bush.”  A person that is
bluntly honest and forthcoming with knowledge, works to keep every one
of the situations they are involved in fair and over the table.  They
usually look out for all involved, including themselves.  They will be
up front with their involvement and what they are receiving from any
situation.  This allows one to do favors for people out of a purely
selfish desire.  It is this kind of responsibility to the truth that
brings honor to their name amongst the people.  They know that being
real and respectful is paramount to you, and that you expect nothing
less from those that you associate with.  This leads to a much more
relaxed atmosphere around you, as people are not trying too hard to be
something they are not.  That would lead to a great disgrace of their
name in your circles.  They also know that if things are not fair or
your rules are not followed, there will be no business.  This requires
you to make sure that your rules of behavior are enforced.  Justice
comes from a mixture of love and truth.  It is being able to have enough
compassion to be honest.

	Compassion comes from another of the principles.  It comes from Love. 
Love is where justice and sacrifice are born.  One must love others
enough to be truthful and courageous.  These are the most intimate
components of the nature of ones soul.  Do you have enough love to be
fair and honest?  This definitely affects how people perceive you.  This
will give people the impression that you are going out of your way to do
favors, but that you will not be taking advantage of them because you
have no need to.  It regulates how much you will give of yourself to
others.  One who gives their all, can only expect for some, not all, to
return the favor one day.  It brings you into contact with other
beautiful people who are not a waste of your time and energy.  Wasting
time only leads to ill feelings later on.  Those feelings will usually
sit and stew for a while, as your problems belong to no one else.  One
day, it may all come out and hurt someone.  A constant flow of this kind
of behavior will eventually lead to hateful thoughts and the increasing
possibility for injustice to occur, as you may become greedy.  Usually
though, the love is enough to develop the ability to forgive with
compassion, especially in those situations where you may have acted the
same.  It allows you to keep open eyes that are un-swayed by all but the
strongest feelings of love.  This conversely has the greatest potential
to hurt you, as many already know.  The constant struggle to find an
accepting love can easily blind and devastate a person.  This does
however lead to an increased constitution and ability to handle
incredible situations, as you must have great courage to love.

	Courage is necessary to be able to dive into any of your
responsibilities, regardless of how you feel about doing so.  Courage is
where sacrifice and honor are born.  One must be courageous enough to be
truthful and to love.  These are seen most notable qualities of the
self-identity, as it takes great valor to be ones self in the presence
of others, while giving of yourself to others and to remaining steadfast
in your standards and convictions.  A person who does not back down from
idle challenges and is able to stay his hand in moments of rage is
almost universally liked.  They stand behind their word, regardless of
the consequences, and are not afraid to be honest.  This makes people
feel comfortable around you, and makes it easier to trust you.  You have
the courage necessary to take responsibility for your actions.  Not
having this type of maturity leads to acts of cowardice.  This can
disgrace your reliability as greed may again come into the picture, and
being afraid to give and be true to your word is usually looked down
upon in most circles.  It can also affect the way that you perceive
yourself, or the way that you hold yourself in front of others.  People
do not like being around others who are afraid to be themselves.  It
tends to bring down their mood, and take away from their energy.  It
also alters the way that people carry themselves around you, as it may
put them on the defensive.  All of these are factors and indicators of
your inherent spirituality, or sense of inner peace.

	Spirituality is born of courage, love and truth.  In a more true
representation though, it is the courage, love and truth that are born
from your spirituality.  Anyone who has any desire for inner peace is
always watching the world, learning its ways and adopting those customs
that fit best.  You must be spiritually aware to construct your life
around courage, love and truth.  It has to do with whether a person has
an open mind or heart.  Someone who does not have an open heart is quick
to anger, the root of the vices of malice, greed, cowardice, disgrace,
deception, and injustice.  Without spirituality, there would be no
philosophical needs, or standards to strive towards.  Lack of function
in the mind can only atrophy your mind the same as any muscle.  No
desires, wants, wishes.  No passion.  Without passion, people would not
realistically be able to form goals to attain, or have a desire to
better themselves.  By constantly striving to be better and to learn
more, we can further contribute to our lives as well as others.  The
only constant is change, and without some type of forward movement, our
lives would reach a point of stasis.  This leads to anger and the almost
violent need to be noticed.  This could potentially lead to an over
increase of ones value of themselves.

	Humility is how people value themselves.  It is the generally accepted,
best form of pride.  Knowing what you are capable of and how useful it
can be to others.  You either hold it above others head with arrogance,
or you humbly keep to yourself except out of necessity.  This is what
regulates your functionality with yourself as well as others.  It
creates your ability to work with people or against them.  An arrogant
mind will often overlook many of the finer details involved in anything
that they do, and the quality of their work and their reliability will
suffer from it.  A humble mind knows that no matter how much he knows or
has to offer others, there are still those who know more and have more
to offer.  A critical component in anyone's life, knowing your place is
without association to the principles, because it is the principles
applied.  Sort of like having the points to reference the destination
without the starting point.  You must be able to hold yourself in that
delicate balance of pride between humility and arrogance, as both are
needed to successfully navigate your life.

	These are just some of the possibilities of living a virtuous life. 
Many other consequences and reactions will come over time, through the
use of any knowledge.  These are simply guidelines that I use to
formulate my standards of behavior as well as what type of behavior I
expect from those whom I would associate with.  There are many other
guidelines to use, as there is an infinite number of possible
arrangements of knowledge and experience, and as I always say, those
that work best for you are those that work best for you.  Do not forget
that you must also be able to trust, love and stand behind yourself
before any other progress can be made.  Only when you are what you ask
for will there never be an unreasonable request.  It also lends itself
to the fact that there is a responsibility that comes with any
knowledge.  That is the responsibility to use that knowledge properly
for your intended goals without interfering in another’s ability to be
responsible.  These are the meanings and the workings of the Three
Principles of Courage, Love and Truth through the Eight Virtues of
Honesty, Justice, Compassion, Sacrifice, Valor, Honor, Spirituality and
Humility.

The Ascension of God

Admit It and Change Everything

Define and narrow me, you starve yourself of yourself.

Nail me down in a box of cold words, that box is your coffin.

I do not know who I am.

I am in astounded lucid confusion.

I am not a Christian, I am not a Jew, I am not a Zoroastrian,

And I am not even a Muslim.

I do not belong to the land, or to any known or unknown sea.

Nature cannot own or claim me, nor can Heaven,

Nor can India, China, Bulgaria,

My birthplace is placelessness,

My sign to have and give no sign.

you say you see my mouth, ears, nose--they are not mine.

I am the life of life.

I am that cat, this stone, no one.

I have thrown duality away like an old dishrag,

I see and know all times and worlds,

As one, one, always one.

So what do I have to do to get you to admit who is speaking?

Admit it and change everything!

This is your own voice echoing off the walls of God.

(Rumi, 1207 - 1273 AD)

Heaven is a state of ignorance and bliss.  Hell is a state of knowledge
and suffering.  These are the conditions and the terms of enlightenment
as set forth by the ruling powers that have been agreed upon by the
collective consciousness today.  Our hopes, wishes, wants and desires
have led us away from necessity into a world where everyone constantly
strives to avoid the truth of existence, and place themselves into a
reality where everything is good, and life is eternal.  This has been
seen through the whole of recorded history, up to and including this
latest incarnation of religious doctrine and domination.  The story that
is being taught and accepted today is that through a “good,” right
life, you will live forever in the Kingdom of God, while through an
“evil,” wrong life, you will be condemned to hell to suffer
eternally.  According to the current doctrine, ones ultimate goal is
eternal life in God’s Kingdom.  While the story is in part true, the
motivations and the methods have been misinterpreted over the years.

Every couple thousand years, an astrological tick occurs in the time
scale of our universe.  Our planet, however, has only survived another
hour.  From our point of view as a species, another day has passed.  As
an individual human, we come to see the end of an age.  This latest age,
the Age of Pisces has come and gone.  We are now in the Age of Aquarius.
 The age of the Water Bearer.  With this coming of an age, we see the
resurgence of another cosmic event that usually goes unseen except by
the most observant of eyes.  The succession of the current god by the
next incarnation of god.  Most people are convinced that God is an
omnipotent being that is always the same through out time.  This does
not fit with the laws of the cosmos though.  The only constant is
change.  Each incarnation of god has a time limit to his rule, and then
the next soul in line for succession to the throne must earn his chance
to take the Throne of God.  This happened to one god thousands of years
ago.

The earth is on a tilt.  The axis has a "wobble" effect, called the
precessional, that is noticed only after a period of a couple thousand
years.  As the earth spins about its axis, the axis rotates through each
of the constellations of the zodiac in reverse.  Instead of moving from
Scorpio to Sagittarius, it moves from Sagittarius to Scorpio.  Each of
these periods of time, called an Age, is infused with the astrological
influences of each of those signs.  

While many skeptics and pragmatists will argue their influence until the
day they die, there can be no denying that these influences are
apparent.  Even in each of the gods that are from the most recent past,
as described in countless religious books and documents from throughout
history.  The most recent ones being the core
“Islamic/Judeo/Christian” belief structures.  They are those of
Lucifer, God and Jesus.  Each one of these has had their time, and used
it for what they wanted to use it for.  They correspond with the last
three ages.  The ages of Taurus, who’s key words are “I Have”; the
age of Aries, who’s key words are “I Am”; and the age of Pisces,
who’s key words are “I Believe”.  These along with their
attributed influences are very apparent in the methods of each of these
gods.  We will start around 6000 years ago, in the age of Taurus.

	As I said before, the key words for Taurus are “I Have.”  Those
born under the sign of Taurus, be they gods or humans, are often fond of
beauty and sensuality.  They enjoy the good things in life.  While they
remain calm in a panic and are slow to anger, they can and will explode
into rage when pushed.  They can be quite stubborn at times, and will
continue to their objectives “in the face of all odds.”  They tend
to be self indulgent, proud, materialistic and argumentative, though
those are only some of their worse qualities.  These are developed
because of the confidence that they have gained over their lives.  They
are very proud of what they have earned.  They are also very loving,
gentle and loyal, though persistent and thorough. Contrary to popular
belief, most of these things are not in the slightest “wrong” though
some of them can be considered “evil.”  As come around the time of
the Ascension of the Gods though, these things come into question in the
propaganda of the next god in line.

	In all the accounts of “Satan” or Lucifer: the Morning Star, we see
many of the qualities and characteristics of Taurus.  The proud, good
looking, deceptively lovely yet determined ego.  Lucifer was a god
dedicated to beauty and wisdom.  He was as the Morning Star, the most
beautiful being that our creation had ever seen.  He ruled with the book
of knowledge open to anyone who asked, and gave this knowledge freely
because he knew that only through experience, would anyone develop pride
in themselves to learn how to properly use such knowledge.  Only by
trial and error would man learn how to avoid failure and accept
responsibility for his own actions.  

Love work.

Constructive labor

is vital to balanced living.

Hate authority.  Reality alone is true.

No matter how famous the mouth,

check the words against experience.

Do not become intimate with power.

There is nothing we can control

beyond our own doing.

Relinquish power, embrace Reality,

and do what must be done.

(Shemaya, Pirke Avot 1:10)

This led to many different paths, created by man, as man is the one who
ultimately chooses what knowledge he wants and how he uses it.  Through
the gift of free will, God gave up his authority to tell any soul what
to do.  It comes down, at any point in time, to whether or not you want
to make your own decisions and suffer with the truth of the knowledge
you gain, or to waive your right to free will to become an instrument of
God and always do his bidding.  

When time passes, and gods become old, they come upon a time where they
either ascend to be part of the godhead, or remain in existence to watch
and observe.  This succession of power usually comes around the turn of
an age.  At the end of each age, a change of command ensues, to remove
one god from power and bring another to the throne.  When this happens,
the armies of souls, be they angelic or human, will usually split.  This
separation tends to occur along the lines of loyalties.  Some souls
remain loyal to their god and his ways, while others respect the change
of command and follow the next god.  Some are led by only one, while
others can only follow the rest.  This will almost always lead to
conflict over regime changes.  It could conceivably lead to a war. 
Holding the upper hand, God overpowered Lucifer and his followers, and
power changed hands.  Now instead of a balance of good and evil, the
regime became filled with darkness that thought it was light and it
became an evil that masquerades as good.

Now that power had changed hands, and we had come into the Age of Aries,
we must look at the influences attributed to this period of time.  The
key words of Aries are “I Am”, and people born under this sign
usually tend to be quite youthful and impulsive.  They can be crude,
pushy and overly aggressive, even to the point of violence.  They are
not self-conscious like many children, and quick to anger and
forgiveness alike.  They also tend to like physical and social activity.
 These are many of the attributes and descriptions of the God of old. 
Wrathful and vengeful, a god that would smite you for your blasphemies,
though he could love you if you strictly adhered to his commandments.

“Christianity…officially asks children of sorrow to be joyful and
sinners to find a childlike purity; it asks them to love a god who one
day will destroy the world and who will condemn them to hell if they do
not adore him.” 

(Jane Roberts, “The Individual and the Nature of Mass Events” p.66)

He was childishly passionate, excitable, audacious and quick tempered. 
His enthusiasm led to his need to enact many of his own policies and
procedures into existence, and then when they didn’t work out, he
would abandon them in the interests of something new.  He was highly
competitive, and consequently very insecure as a child would be.  “I
Am that I Am” is the name that he gives himself according to the Old
Testament.  How much more like an Aries could he be?

In the biblical stories, man’s fall from grace in the Garden of Eden
is a classic example of the misinterpretation of the accepted doctrine. 
As the story goes, man was innocent and living in a perfect utopia where
there was no evil and no wrong.  In the garden though, there stood the
Tree of Knowledge, whose fruit was forbidden to taste.  One day, a
serpent came into the garden and tempted man with the fruit of the tree.
 Man took the fruit and ate it against God’s will.  This defiance
angered God, and man was exiled from paradise forever.  This has been
called man’s Fall from Grace, and has been used for centuries to
identify man as an inherently bad and sinful soul.  This led the church
and the priesthood to assume responsibility for the institution of
God’s laws and eventually, after God became Jesus, for cleansing man
of his sins through repentance and forgiveness, to bring man back to
God, through Jesus Christ, in whom eternal life would be granted in the
Kingdom of God.  This is not quite how things work though, and it stems
back to the war in Heaven, as this was the source of the modern conflict
of interest between good and evil.

Lucifer had a regime that was free and forth coming with knowledge.  He
knew that the consequences of any knowledge would present themselves
through the many actions and reactions that resulted from the use of
such knowledge.  This is the best way for people to learn.  Unless
people make mistakes or fail, they will never fully understand the
responsibility, capabilities or shortcomings of any bit of knowledge. 
The same occurs if the “right” answers are handed to you on a silver
platter.  The knowledge is present, but the experience is not, and that
is unwise.  Without experience, knowledge is never truly understood, and
misuse and abuse are likely to occur.  This incarnation of God has a
stance that people should be either protected from themselves, or not
allowed to advance too far.  This would be in the interests of
preserving innocence and blissful ignorance, while limiting the growth
of the human minds on earth at the same time.  Without truth in
knowledge, people do not know the true potential of their individual
consciousness, and therefore never try to attain it.  

“We have never told anybody to do anything, except to face up to the
abilities of consciousness.”

(Seth, April 19, 1978)

This leaves people in a weakened state, dependent on the experience of
others to properly run their own lives.  Here is where corruption and
misinterpretation of the word comes in.  People with the experience of
life, the “educated few,” were put in positions of power over
others.  They were now in the position of dictating their opinions of
the “proper” way to proceed in life, while using the experience that
they had for personal gain.  God believed that his way was the only
right way, and sought to keep the knowledge from people, lest they see
him for what he is and he looses his power over the people.  Power is,
after all, limited by what the masses will actually sanction and let you
get away with. 

Relating this to the story of Eden, it looks more like this.  Man was in
this utopian garden with no worries.  Nothing to do with his time,
except think.  Now what usually happens when you have too much time to
think?  This led to mans desire to know more.  When God would not
provide this knowledge, he turned to an alternate approach, as the
knowledge was in the garden itself, in the form of the fruit on the Tree
of Knowledge.  Outside the Judeo-Christian faith, a serpent is
associated with wisdom and immortality.  When Lucifer, in the form of a
serpent, pointed out the fruit on the tree, man made a choice to taste
the fruit and gain more knowledge.  This led him to realize that the
utopia he lived in was not real, but a construct that God had created. 
He learned that staying in the garden would impair his search for truth,
so he decided to leave and to experience the world for himself.  Once
this decision was made, with the warnings provided, man knew that he
would not be able to return to an ignorant state of bliss without
relinquishing his search for truth and asking forgiveness.  He would
have to give up his gift of free will and become an instrument of the
will of God.  He decided, then, that it was more important to make his
own decisions, rather than remain a slave to God.  This caused his
“Fall from Grace.”  The grace of an insecure, controlling dictator! 


As man saw more of this fearful, controlling side of God, he began to
turn away to better hopes.  When this began happening, God saw and knew
that his time was coming up, and that the people were no longer
following his laws out of fear.  They were beginning to believe in
something better, something more than just being good.  Something called
hope.  Here is where God made a choice that averted a potentially
disastrous conflict.  God decided to change.  He found that His old ways
were no longer of any use, and that in order to retain control, he would
have to offer up some hope.  Now, He needed people to believe in him
rather than to fear him.  The control he exercised until now had its
desired effect.  There was no successive candidate to become the next
incarnation of god.  He would sit on the Throne for another Age.  In
order that he would be believed though, he would need to do something
much more.  He would have to come to earth himself, as a human with the
power of a god, to begin his new ministry.  As the story goes, He came
as the “Son of God,” through the “Immaculate Conception,” to be
born as “Jesus, the Christ.”  

Now we see the transition from the Age of Aries to the Age of Pisces. 
The key words for Pisces are “I Believe.”  Those born under this
sign tend to have a difficult time coping and attempt to transcend life
through ethereal arts like music, mysticism and religion.  They tend
towards escaping their daily problems through daydreaming and possibly
even other types of mind or mood altering activities.  They can be
sensitive and impressionable, melancholy and usually lack the ability to
resist their environment.  Does this sound familiar?  If not simply
because there was nothing else being taught, those born under this sign
become a product of their environment, and tend to keep their “real”
selves secret.  They are introspective yet lack confidence.  This means
that they will be more than happy to believe in someone or something
that offers them a non-tangible yet self-fulfilling and oddly
perceptible solution to their problems.  This is what God became. 
“And whosoever believeth in him shall not perish, but have everlasting
life.” (John 3:16)

Through his life, the gospel was heard and written and preached.  Its
means were for eternal life in the Kingdom of God and its method were
through baptism and/or eventually becoming “born again” to God,
through Jesus.  Now with a prize like that, people were quick to stand
and be counted, as they began believing in this eternal life thorough
Jesus Christ.  This was reinforced though, by the fear of eternal
damnation and suffering in hell, as per the methods that God was
accustomed to.  Now, a few carefully worded changes to the “Word of
God” created the “Gospel of Jesus Christ.” This started a whole
new age of misinterpretations and opinions being preached by the
disciples, apostles and eventual ministers of the gospel.  One major
change was this “Kingdom of God,” and the idea that it was the
entirety of Heaven and that it was apart from the earth.  Another change
was the image used to convey Heaven.  It became streets paved with gold.
 While standing behind claims that the streets are paved in gold because
God does not value it, the image is clearly used to entice man’s
materialistic desires and create in him the desire to go to Heaven. 
What they do not realize is that the earth is the Kingdom of God, and
that it is only one part of Heaven.

The “Kingdom,” according to the ancient Hebrew Tree of Life, is the
lowest realm in existence.  It is the place where the physical world
exists.  Eternal life in the “Kingdom of God” is continual rebirth
of the soul in this realm without the possibility of ascending back
through successive realms to reunite with or return to the godhead. 
This could possibly have resulted from a misinterpretation, but could
have also stemmed from God’s intent on stunting the growth of the
soul, or impeding the progress a consciousness could make before it ever
gained the ability to compete.

18 The foolishness of God is wiser than men

19 For the preaching of the cross is to them that perish foolishness;
but unto us which are saved it is the power of God.

20 For it is written, I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, and will
bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.

21 Where is the wise?  Where is the scribe?  Where is the disputer of
this world?  Hath not God made foolish the wisdom of this world?

22 For after that in the wisdom of God the world by wisdom knew not god,
it pleased God by the foolishness of preaching to save them that
believe.

23 For the Jews require a sign, and the Greeks seek after wisdom:

24 But we preach Christ crucified, unto the Jews a stumbling block, and
unto the Greeks foolishness;

25 But unto them which are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ the
power of God, and the wisdom of God.

26 Because of the foolishness of God is wiser than men and the weakness
of God is stronger than men.

27 For ye see your calling, brethren, how that not many wise men after
the flesh, not many mighty, not many noble, are called:

28 But God Hath Chosen the foolish things of the world, to confound the
wise; and God hath chosen the weak things of the world, to confound the
things which are mighty;

29 And base things of the world, and things which are despised, hath God
chosen, yea, and things which are not, to bring to naught things that
are: That no flesh should glory in his presence...

18 Let no man deceive himself.  If any man among you seemeth to be wise
in the world, let him become a fool, that he may be wise.

19 For the wisdom of this world is foolishness with God.  For it is
written, “He taketh the wise in their own craftiness.”

20 And again, “The Lord knoweth the thoughts of the wise, that they
are vain.”

(Paul, 3-64 AD, I Corinthians 1:18-29; 3:18-20)

This fear of loosing control led God to use fear in his doctrines,
because he knew how effectively it controled him, how completely the
fear of loosing control consumed him like a fire.  This takes the
loving, caring notion of God and turns him into a jealous, fearful
dictator who used fear to control the growth of people who listened to
his word.  While his intentions of limiting the eternal suffering of the
soul seem good on some level, they eventually come out as misconceptions
that have done far more damage than they were ever intended to do. 
“Many villains do not see themselves as villains, and many villains
have good intent.” (neo_born_anew, www.bolt.com)  While God may have
had good intentions in keeping the truth from us, the blind acceptance
of data that he hands down removes the learning process from our
consciousness and renders it weak and useless.  This creates one of the
fundamental flaws of our culture.  No need to question and investigate,
no mistakes or failures, no responsibility learned, no skills for coping
with the real world developed. What happens then, when God is not there
for you, and you must make your own way?  

Effort is its own reward.

We are here to do.

And through doing to learn;

and through learning to know;

and through knowing to experience wonder;

and through wonder to attain wisdom;

and through wisdom to find simplicity;

and through simplicity to give attention;

and through attention

to see what needs to be done... 

(Ben Hei Hei, Pirke Avot 5:27)

In order to make your own way, you must go against the will of God.  You
must be able to learn and ask questions and use your own will.  Here is
where one may look to Lucifer or one of the many other incarnations of
knowledge.  Here is where man would choose to taste of the forbidden
fruit, out of necessity rather than defiance.  Once you woke up to this
realization, you would either continue on with your newfound free will,
continue doing the will of God, or might be “born again” to Jesus to
continue serving his will.  For those who valued the truth greater,
there would be no turning back.  The choice would be made to continue
the development of consciousness and remove yourself from the
pre-defined path of fate to the variable paths of destiny.  Is yours a
self determined destiny to which you may choose whatever path you will,
or is it a predetermined fate or path that you must stay loyal to
regardless of what the end may be?  These are only some of the decisions
that must be made by a consciousness on its path toward the godhead.

Belief and Knowledge

	Belief is a contingency.  To be used when knowledge fails.  Belief is
not based upon knowledge, just as knowledge is not based upon belief. 
The last time that knowledge was based upon belief, we had a flat earth
at the center of the universe.  Belief is what makes people ignorant and
weak in their own lives.  It usually centers around the blind acceptance
of data that someone else has provided.  While this is not always
harmful, as the data may actually be factual, it creates the persuasion
to accept any data as factual, even when it might clearly be an opinion.
 This is where a critical breakdown occurs in the intellectual
development of many humans.  If there is no inherent necessity to
question and to research, then a fundamental piece of consciousness
fails to develop.  The ability to learn and to grow.  At this point,
each consciousness, and consequently each human, becomes more like a
puppet.  They can be told what to know, what to believe, and how to
behave.  In effect, they become malleable pieces of clay to be shaped by
society.  It is when you learn to question and investigate discrepancies
in the generalized laws and rules that you begin to form your own ideas
and opinions.  This is where people begin to define themselves rather
than be defined by others.  They stop reading books, and they begin to
write them.  This is one of the most essential requirements in the
advanced development and growth of consciousness.  At this point in our
existence, we must make the conscious choice to grow and evolve.  We
must also choose to handle the responsibility that comes along with that
growth and development, otherwise it will not proceed properly according
to the needs of each individual.  There are too many people that have
been convinced that there is only so far that the human body or mind can
go.  They do not realize that we are shaping and writing evolution with
every decision that we make.  This leads to a generalized malaise and
lack of motivation to do anything with ones life.  Total compliance
underwritten with complacence.  “Soft will,” if you will.  I’ll
use Jesus Christ as an example here.

	Jesus is the accepted savior and messiah of one of the most widely
spread religious doctrines that this world has yet seen fit to record. 
According to this doctrine, he is supposedly the one who brings peace,
everlasting life and forgiveness to all who believe.  He will also
spread the word of a “loving” and “forgiving” god to those who
repent.  This is very contradictory even to Jesus’ own words in the
accepted gospel of Matthew 10:34-36.

34  Do not think that I came to bring peace on earth.  I did not come to
bring peace, but a sword.

35  For I have come to ‘set a man against his father, a daughter
against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.

And a man’s foes will be those of his own household.

Jesus said here that he would bring much conflict and suffering, as he
does often, and people are still convinced that he is a savior to bring
everlasting life.  He clearly says here that he will turn people against
each other, as he “did not come to bring peace, but a sword.”  One
example of the harm of having other people do the thinking for the
masses.  They are able to dilute the facts, or the meanings in favor of
their own opinions and dogmas.  Look at the Old Testament, and the
personification of god.  He is usually accepted as a kind and loving god
that will forgive you of your trespasses, yet in the book of Nahum 1:2,
there is clearly a different story.

2  God is jealous and the Lord revengeth; the Lord revengeth, and is
furious; the Lord will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he
reserveth wrath for his enemies.

This is not a loving and forgiving god, but an angry wrathful
“jealous” god who will smite you for your blasphemies.  These are
but a couple examples of how the "soft will" that people posses can be
shaped and made into whatever a “religious organization,” for
example, would choose them to be.  This can be quite damaging, resulting
in religious fanatics who use the Bible as their sole reference for
their beliefs and their arguments.  Without questioning the doctrine
that they are handed, words that have been written and re-written for
thousands of years become such a jumbled mass of contradictory
information that interpreters become necessary.  This results in hearsay
and opinions becoming the doctrine rather than factual data, and this is
the basis for the problems with organized religion.  It is the
systematic organization of thought for the purpose of controlling the
masses through use of fear.  Without the fear of the devil, or going to
hell, would people really need God?  Before the existence of the devil
as an entity, they were persuaded into compliance through the use of an
angry wrathful god.  This is how people are conditioned over many years
not to think for themselves, but to have their opinions, morals and
standards decided for them as a member of a “congregation.”  That is
the difference between religion and philosophy.  Religion is based on a
blind faith acceptance, where philosophy is the formation of ones own
thoughts into observed concepts.  Philosophy, unlike religion, tends to
weed out those who are afraid to take responsibility for their own
lives.

	Philosophy is not based upon belief.  It is based upon knowledge. 
Knowledge is based upon observed concepts and ideas that are formed in
the mind through the experiences one has while defining their own
reality.  These ideas have actions, and reactions with definitive
observable consequences.  Rather than believe that God will strike you
down for your blaspheme, one may try an experiment.  They will speak out
against God, and perceive the reaction.  When no lightning bolt or
“Finger of God” comes down to smite you, you could use this
observation in the formation of a new idea.  A new way of thinking, a
new philosophy.  Now, instead of believing in the wrath of god, you know
your own way.  Your philosophy is based upon wisdom, (knowledge +
experience) and allows you to form your own ideas and concepts.  These
concepts however, are not concrete.  They vary greatly from person to
person.  They are sometimes used to teach people how to think alike.  No
two people have brains that work exactly alike; therefore we need
concepts to create the general outlines to arrive at similar
conclusions.  In these general outlines, the details are left to be
worked out by you.  I’ll use a schoolteacher as an example.

A schoolteacher has a curriculum that they must teach from.  In math,
they hand out formula, give answers and classify all kinds of hard fact.
 What are the students constantly left asking?  How and why.  They have
been given all the details, but they do not understand the concepts
behind them.  They do not know how or why it all relates and fits
together, just that it does.  A better way to teach is to give the
concepts behind the studies, and let the students fill in the details
themselves.  Look at biology for this one.  In class, you get an outline
of the chapter from the teacher.  This outline identifies the topic of
the chapter, and the way that the facts and ideas are arranged.  Next,
you are to go to the chapter and take notes on the facts.  Late in the
year, you no longer need the outlines, because you understand the
concepts behind them.  You understand how to identify the topic of the
next chapter, observe how the facts are arranged and fill in the related
details.  Since the students fill in the details and create the
outlines, they retain the information better and longer.  Concepts make
less effort necessary to do this.  They relate ideas to knowledge and
create our blank slate minds that help us think in terms that even we
can understand.  Without the concept of language, I would not be able to
communicate these ideas to you. Without making your own concepts and
having your own ideas, there would be no advancement of the body or
mind, and nothing would get done.  No one, not even God has the
authority to tell you what to do with your life.  God gave that up when
he gave you free will and it just seems such a waste to have this free
will thing our whole lives, and not do anything with it.  You would not
be able to learn how not to follow your life around.  You would not be
able to learn how to take charge of your own life and make your own
decisions with the free will that you were given.  You would remain
trapped in the molds that everyone else put upon you until the day you
die. Someone else would have done what they wanted to with your life. 
At that point, your life would have been nothing but a waste, because
you did not do anything with it. 

The Inversion of Thought

	There are many ideas these days.  Ideas which may go contrary to
popular belief, and ideas which placate the normal everyday mind.  Some
keep the evolution of behavioral conditioning going in the proper
directions according to society, and others force people to think for
themselves rather than be “thought for.”  However you look at this,
there is a very clear defining point of when these ideas go from pro to
con, or from accepted to contested.  As with anything that tends to
exist, there is a duality to ideas and concepts that keeps them
organized and classified.  What if, then, there was an idea out there in
which all of these concepts or ideas were turned around, and while still
saying the same things, meant the complete opposite?  I stumbled across
this idea one morning while wandering the streets of Hollywood, in the
early morning.  I imagined myself on a stage, giving a speech, and the
results were mind altering.  This little tirade, more of a rant at that
point in time, gave way to be one of the most important thoughts that I
have yet conceived.  From that point in time until now, I have stumbled
across many different points and finer subtleties of life that continued
to point me in the direction of the Inversion of Thought.  It all
started with a friend of mine, and one of her poems.

	In this poem, she was responding to the natural evolution of the gothic
lifestyle on any given teen.  It explained that part of this lifestyle
is to be unique, or different.  This in turn makes all the “baby
bats” go out and do something to be different.  But what do they do to
be different?  Well, there are all these other people who are doing
things to be different, so they decide to do something that those other
people are doing to be different.  So now, in their attempts to be
different, they are doing the same things as others to be different, so
now they are all the same, different.  It makes quite a bit of sense,
especially for the crowd that it was speaking of.  In the end, the
diversity that they championed among themselves became the same old fad
and was passed on again and again.  Now it didn’t venture much further
than this quite yet.  Not until that rant one morning in Hollywood.

	Walking down Santa Monica Blvd. at 6:30 in the morning can be a trifle
boring, and at this specific time of year, quite cold as well.  Being
that as it was, I was hurrying down the street talking to myself as I
have been known to do on more than numerous occasions.  I came upon this
issue again, only this time, carried it into a speech type atmosphere in
my head.  I imagined a whole audience of people in front of me,
listening attentively to every word I had to say, so I continued with my
thought.

	If these people here [the Goths], raised by normal society, ended up
turning to this lifestyle specifically to be different, then what is to
stop the rest of society from doing the same?  At this point in the
evolution of the behavioral psychology of high school students, the
latest fad is not to just be yourself (as a good portion of people learn
by the end of college), but to also be unique and different.  Not only
does it start with clothing and music and hair style, it ends up
becoming everything that these people work for.  As I saw in the movie,
American Psycho, it can even end up at the top of the corporate ladder,
where in an effort to be different, even the business cards must be
subtly different, while still being the same. 

	Then it hit me…this “Inversion of Thought” was just as prevalent
through society as any other psychological complex passed on
uninhibited, unidentified and unaddressed.  As I was walking down the
street, I would pass by people and say to them, “Good morning!”  All
I ever got in response to my trying to be polite, was rude responses
from people, ranging from simply being ignored, to out right insults
directed at me.  I thought about it.  Was this what polite was these
days?  Was it like New York, where if someone said “Fuck You” then
you knew they were being nice?  It was making more sense to me now. 
Being polite anymore was beginning to be looked upon as being rude, and
being rude as the polite way of handling things.  It even stepped over
the boundaries into other things that we saw in daily life.  Even into
the laws and the statutes of our society.  Their complexities had made
them simple!

	Originally, the Jews had the Ten Commandments, which were a pretty good
example of how to live your life.  They have since been broken into
hundreds upon hundreds of “minor commandments” by the life and times
of their subsequent religious followings.  Their initial simplicity is
what made them difficult to understand, so they had to be broken down
into more and more and more complex ideas and concepts that could be
cataloged and categorized as either right or wrong, then passed on bit
by bit to the congregations.  Even to the point of the clocks on our
VCR’s versus the icons in Windows, simple and complex have changed
place.  Four million page manual to set the time on the VCR?  No
problem.  Double-click on an icon to start a program in Windows?  Huh? 
It even spills over into the theological/philosophical arena, where
after god became man, man had to again become god.  Science didn’t
help this one a single bit, and neither is the current trend of thinking
for yourself.

	In pigment, all colors combined equals black (or a close approximation
to), and the absence of all colors equals white (at least on white
paper).  In light, all colors combined equals white (light), and the
absence of all colors equals black (dark).  What is the color of an
orange?  Yes, one of those fruit things that you eat.  What color is it?
 If you said orange, you are wrong.  Orange is simply the colors of
light that are reflected off of the object that you are looking at. 
What two colors make up orange?  Red and Yellow.  So that leaves Blue. 
An orange is blue, as the blue color filters out all of the blue light,
and reflects only the colors of light that are left.  What happens when
you put a red light bulb into a lamp and turn it on?  It turns
everything in the room red right?  Wrong.  It removes all the read color
from the room.  The red film on the bulb is acting as a filter, and is
filtering out all the red light.  Kind of strange concept isn’t it? 
Not quite as strange as something that Anne Rice stumbles upon in her
book Blood Canticle.

	In this book, her champion and main vampire, Lestat is quoted as
saying, “Sometimes I think theologians have it backwards. The big
problem is not How to explain the existence of evil in this world. It's
How to explain the existence of good.”  Evil is constantly chalked up
to “human nature” while good is always labeled “miracles.” 
Original Sin, and the inherent evil of humans is accepted without a
doubt, but miracles of behavior, let alone faith are rare indeed, and
usually end up being studied for many years after the death of the
individual, until they can finally come up with a viable excuse as to
why this person was “good.”  

Anne Rice portrays Lucifer as a champion of the people, while God is
given the childish arrogance of an insecure dictator, Lestat figures
that evil needs no explanation, rather good does, simple and complex
have changed places, polite and rude are being reversed, and everyone is
doing the same things to be different, so now all is the same,
different, and nothing is what you thought it was in the first place. 
It’s all there, but it’s not quite true.  So here is my theory.  In
the evolution of the behavioral psychology of today’s society, we have
taken the simple concepts and broken them down so many times and over
such an expanse of time, that we have reached the “other” half point
in the circular cyclic nature of things, where the Inversion of Thought
occurred, and is now working to put all this mess back together again. 
We have begun to notice that some things are entirely too complicated,
and need to be simplified, or rather downsized.  So now, Man, who has
become a god in his own right, has taken over the reigns and through
understanding is putting back together what he initially tore apart in
order to understand.  It’s a dizzying concept for the human brain to
understand, but look at it this way.  If you don’t get it, then by
association with it’s opposite, you must get it, I mean, in order to
know what something is, you must first know what it is not, no?

Conscious Evolution



"Quit wasting time talking about great souls and how they should be. 
Become one yourself!"

-Marcus Aurelius, "Meditations"



	These days we have too many egos getting in the way of progress.  No
matter how many great ideas and concepts are created, developed or
discussed, there is always someone who wants more recognition, credit or
acknowledgement.  Someone who wants to have and hold power over others. 
They spend inordinate amounts of time trying to convince others of their
value, and in some cases, their "right" to hold position over others. 
Many, not all, of these people try incessantly to build up their own
images with words rather than accomplishments.  This leads to a
psychological condition known as being self-righteous.  In most
instances of self-righteousness, we see the sheer arrogance of an
individual to assume that their opinions and decisions should be valued
above all others, because they deem themselves "righteous."  This is,
however, most often seen in their own eyes, rather than the collective
views of their circles.

	Here then, we see the need to be able to identify and recognize the
accomplishments of those individuals who do not constantly "talk," but
get up and "do."  Individuals who are not afraid to get their feet wet,
or shed a little blood, sweat and tears.  These individuals are more
interested in the effect of their accomplishments in their circles,
rather than their presence in them.  The odd thing here is that the
self-righteous are often too caught up in themselves to realize that if
they would put forth a little effort, their presence within their
circles would grow commandingly.

	It is my intent then, to create this House for the purposes of
acknowledging the accomplishments of individuals rather than to sit back
and continue being a part of the stasis and stagnation that has infected
our society.  I am dedicated to growth and progression, as the only way
to evolve is to learn and change with the integration of each of our
experiences in life.  Only with knowledge and experience do we develop
wisdom to help lead ourselves into the future.  In order to do so
effectively though, we must understand that we can not limit ourselves
in any way, shape or fashion.  The moment we begin to look at our gifts
and abilities as detrimental "conditions," is the moment that we stop
progressing and begin to stagnate and waste away.  We have the potential
of time in front of us, and personally I think that there is too much
beauty and love in the world that I have not seen yet.  We must rise
from the stagnation of our society, with renewed life, and rejuvenated
youth.

	We are here upon the verge of a new consciousness.  The next step in
evolution.  Waiting at our fingertips are all the tools and tricks of
our minds.  Working together as one collective, we can network the
energies around us.  Parts of god we have always been.  Together we will
work our magic and our miracles to better the world for ourselves, as
well as for each other.  The anti-Christ is not coming.  We are already
here.  We will not sit idly by for much longer.  Our time has come to
make a difference in the world.  One where everyone knows how to listen
o their own heart and make their own decisions without moral and social
stigmas.  The creator gave us all the keys we need to open every door in
our lives.  People are still going to Sunday school to try and pick the
lock.  You are the only one qualified to be the minister of your life. 
Not even God has the authority to tell you what to do.  He gave that up
when he gave you free will.  No one knows what lies ahead, and by
presupposing such, we waste our time on petty games to try to save our
souls.  We have no time to waste on games.  We have no time to waste on
those who will interfere with our goals.  We have no time to argue our
points with those who will not listen.  Our time is our time, for us to
use as we see fit to build each other up rather than tear each other
down.  The time has come for us to make a difference in the world.  One
for the better, where each person knows how to make their own decisions
based upon the facts of the matters at hand, not the opinions of those
long dead.  We shall rise from the ashes, as the Phoenix, with
everlasting life, to continue on forever.



Cody Allison aka

Michael Rendier

mrendier@hotmail.com

YIM: michael_rendier

www.michaelrendier.com

rendier.livejournal.com

The Structure of Consciousness

	At this point in the evolution of mankind, and his seemingly sentient
mind, we are presented with a choice.  Some people realize that they
have this choice to make, and make it based upon the information that
they have available to them.  Unfortunately, most people don't realize
they have this choice to make.  Therefore, the choice is by default,
made for them.  This choice is made available to all who have, what we
as humans call, life.  It has shown up in many forms throughout the
centuries, and is either largely ignored or exploited for other
purposes.  The choice to be made is this:

Do I progressively grow, learn and evolve?

-or-

Do I stagnate and waste away?

Now it seems like a choice such as this has outside factors beyond the
control of humans, but I assure you that it does not.  It is a simple
commitment that one can make to themselves at any point in their lives. 
One to continually push and expand upon the limitations that today's
society sets for the growth and potential of not only the human body,
but mind.

	The structure of behavioral psychology today includes many invisible or
ignored factors that lead to a much weaker constitution of mind and
body.  People, as they grow up and assimilate all the data that they are
bombarded with since birth, are influenced by several factors that are
inherent to everyone's personal makeup.  These factors are integral
parts of each persons mind and consciousness, and help them, through
experience, to perceive and create the reality that they choose to live
in.  Unfortunately, over the generations, they have been turned against
humanity, and “tended to stress a sense of powerlessness, impotence
and impending doom”.  (Jane Roberts; “The Individual and the Nature
of Mass Events”; p.45)  These are all passed on from person to person
through societies and cultures, religions and faiths.  They help to
undermine the nature of the individual and create a psychologically
fearful and passive creature, rather than a strong willed, independent
individual.  Not only are children of sorrow asked “to be joyful and
sinners to find a child like purity; it asks them to love a God who one
day will destroy the world, and who will condemn them to hell if they do
not adore him," (Jane Roberts; “The Individual and the Nature of Mass
Events”; p.66) they are also taught that the body given to them by God
is not able to take care of itself.  They stress the need for treatment
and prevention rather than even mention the body's own defenses, which
have worked fine for millennia.  These are only two examples of how the
mind has been turned upon the body.  Those who do not realize the
capabilities of their mind and body are the people who's choice, by
default, becomes one of stagnation.  Only by paying attention to, and
recognizing the capabilities of the mind and body, can you adequately
make the choice to grow and evolve.  The more you know how the mind
works, the easier it becomes to utilize its full potential.

	I have this philosophy in life.  If you know how something works, you
can control it.  It was this train of thought that led me to look at the
mind of the individual and how it was put together.  Being a Taoist by
philosophy, I ended up associating the accepted duality of the conscious
and subconscious with the duality of the Yin and Yang.  This fit
extremely well with my ideas, as the two combine, containing pieces of
each other, to form four parts of the mind.  These relate to the four
factors that each individual uses to create their own reality.  These
are the nature of ones "soul," individual psychological makeup, popular
culture or society and religion or faith.  It is these parts, in
conjunction, that each person uses to perceive and define their own
personal reality.  Remember, reality is not somewhere you exist, but
something that you perceive.  It is these observations paired with the
decisions that your mind allows that help you to create the perceptions
which ultimately define your reality.  This comes from the interaction
of the two halves of your mind working together as four parts to create
a whole.

	These two parts of the mind, the conscious and the subconscious, are
generally associated with awake and asleep.  You will find, though, that
their association  with active and passive respectively, is incorrectly
applied.  The active part of the mind is actually the subconscious, as
it is at work while you are awake or asleep, functioning and imagining
in ways that you will seldom be aware of.  Conversely, the passive part
of the mind is the conscious.  Only acting on conscious observations and
decisions, spending one third of its "lifetime" asleep.  It is even
necessary for the conscious to rely on the subconscious for behavioral
imprints, life functions and conditioned responses as defined by popular
culture or society.  They are, however, reinforced by each other, as
they both contain small pieces of teach other.  The conscious contains a
bit of the subconscious, and is best represented by the imagination. 
The subconscious contains a bit of the conscious, which is best
represented by observation.  These all correlate with personal nature,
psychology, popular culture or society and religion or faith.  These are
the four factors that most directly influence our perceptions.  These
are the parts of the mind that I will be outlining here.  Let us start
with the subconscious.

	The subconscious is often identified with the "higher self," as it
controls most of the life functions of the body.  It is where our innate
trust or suspicion and primal emotional responses occur.  The most
intimate factor in how your subconscious works depends on what many
refer to as the "personal nature," or the nature of ones soul.  This is
what colors our opinions and our decisions in everything we do.  It
lends weight to our "moral and ethical" decisions about such things as
human rights and how they are observed.  On a lighter note, it affects
the way your intentions are perceived by others, and helps them form
their opinion of you.  Some people have a hostile nature, and can be
seen as frightening or suspicious, while others have a light hearted
nature, and are seen as people who can not be shaken by anything.  These
are two of the myriad of possibilities that can arise out of ones
subconscious.  It determines whether or not you are prone to certain
behaviors, not that you actually follow or act on them.  There is
another factor in that regard.  This is each persons psychological
makeup, which is closely identified with the conscious mind.

	The conscious mind, while appearing to us as the "active" part of the
mind, is indeed the passive.  The conscious mind regulates most of the
decisions that are made on a daily basis.  These decisions, in turn,
decide where it is that you end up in life…which path you walk down. 
Motor skills and speech are developed here, along with the social and
self identities.  These all end up in one way or another, relying on the
psychological make up of each individual.  Have you ever heard of the
term, "product of their environment?"  This is what affects the end
result of the psychological make up of the individual the most.  Along
with this, the five physical senses of sight, sound, taste, touch and
smell are processed here.  The conscious psyche, though, needs certain
levels of maintenance in order to develop constructively.  Through abuse
or neglect, we see many of the psychological complexities that feed
therapists and shrinks world wide.  This is what lends the other bit of
color to our decisions.  There are those who are insecure and feel
inferior, and on the opposite end of the scale, those who are
megalomaniacs, and feel superior.  There are also those slotted right in
the middle as indecisive.  All of these things lend weight to creating
each individual as a unique person, however they might "appear" to be
like others.  Now, we come to the more intimate factors which aid in the
development of each mind.  Those little parts of each contained in the
other.  I will continue then, with the piece of the conscious mind
within the subconscious.

	It is interesting to note here, that while being contained “inside”
of the respective parts of the mind, these are actually more outside
influences that affect the development of each individual.  The
observational part of the mind, being passive in nature, is seen as the
influences of society and popular culture.  This is no less a key
ingredient in the definition of ones reality as the other parts, however
it appears to be the most clearly defined.  Observations are calculated,
books are written and read and languages are created.  These all follow
strictly observed rules to sustain the continuity from person to person.
 This includes mathematics, cycles of nature and many other systems that
are defined for the purposes of identification and communication. 
Without the observation of society and its cultures, we would not even
be able to comprehend ways to communicate with each other, let alone how
to “fit in” with our peers.  You would not even be able to grasp
what you observe in your dreams or your imagination, as you would have
no defined concepts to express these through.  This could potentially be
catastrophic, as your consciousness, and consequently your body, would
not be able to interpret the “genetic code.”  There would be no
similar methods to anything, as memories would not be readily accessible
with any type of “file structure,” and would be lost in the vast
reaches of the subconscious mind.  This in turn means no instinctual
behaviors, no identifiable concepts possibly no coordinated motor
skills, and most importantly, no imagination.  Without the conscious
observations that are made every day, we would have no way to relate our
imagination to, or define it by.  Therefore we would loose that little
part of the subconscious within the conscious.

	The imagination factors in all the subjective aspects of our
perceptions.  This includes altered states of consciousness, experiences
more related to fantasy than reality, and non-tangible influences like
intuition or gut instincts.  This is where most of the faith or
religious based influences come from, as this is where you are able to
“view” possible outcomes of your life, such as where your soul might
go after you die.  It is also where most of your decisions are created,
tried and tested before being put into action.  your imagination places
your thoughts into a “temporary file,” and many different solutions
or outcomes are computed.  This lets us make plans for a variable
future, process information, and formulate opinions.  This is where
faith or religion comes into play.  An individual can either hold
themselves to either a pre-defined set of standards or path (religion)
or a self defined set of standards or path (faith).  For whatever reason
these standards are accepted and executed, they lend their weight to the
decision making process.  They may or may not help an individual to
become aware of themselves as well as their own consciousness.  They are
then able to lay the guidelines which they will follow in life.  This is
all possible because of the imagination, as each decision that you make
requires a bit of conceptual reasoning.  Now we are able to experience
altered states of consciousness, such as the rapture associated with
moving from visual space to sensory space.  More commonly known as
getting stoned, though this rapture is also felt when leaving a sphere
of gravitational influence.  Space travel.  You are able to perceive on
a new and different level.  Intuitively.  You can feel energies,
perceive others emotions, and even attempt to predict reactions and
responses.  Here you are able to rationalize things through many
different possible outcomes or multiple existences, and where you can
become aware of the need for your consciousness to grow and evolve.

	Now that the decision is placed in front of you, and you are able to
see it, you can make the decision necessary for the continuation of your
specific consciousness.  You can then begin to feed yourself any and all
information that you desire to continue on in life.  In some circles,
this is known as metaprogramming.  That is reprogramming your own
consciousness to outfit it better against the daily trials that you
perceive you will face.  This structure of the mind is very simple,
which tends towards incredible depth and extraordinary complexities.  It
appears quite perfect.  Not flawless.  Complete.  Now all that is left
to do is learn.  The more you learn, the more you will realize that you
do not know, and the more that there is to know.  With each new thing
that you learn, every new connection that you make, your mind grows and
begins to evolve.  Much better to progress and grow, than to stagnate
and waste away, no?

Consciousness in the Multiverse

	In an objective and subjective multiverse, every decision that you make
creates it's opposite decisions in a parallel existence where each
branch creates an infinite web of vibrating energy that sings the song
of existence that is perceived as reality.  You do not live in reality. 
Reality lives in you.  While your body lives in existence, it is what
you perceive that becomes your reality.  All you are is a pocket of
consciousness, floating around and perceiving the world.  It is your
consciousness that defines how you interpret your observations and
creates your perceptions.  Alive, in itself, in each variation of
existence, your consciousness is split into an infinite number of parts
growing exponentially and filling the void.  All parts of the same
singular consciousness that was born out of the primal collective
consciousness.

	Consciousness, in the beginning, was pure, primal and inexperienced. 
However, pure as it was, it did not have the wisdom or the strength of
will to keep itself singular, so it began to split.  As time went on and
as more people were being born, the primal collective consciousness
gradually became contaminated with the experiences of each individual
who shared a part of it in life.  You see, as each person develops and
grows in life, there are a few things that may happen.  The
consciousness may lack the wisdom and strength of will to retain it's
own identity, and will dissipate into the surrounding field of
consciousness energy; the consciousness may have enough wisdom but lack
the strength to retain its identity, and therefore may incorporate some
of the previously dissipated consciousness'; or the consciousness may
have enough wisdom and strength of will to retain its own identity, and
remain singular through several progressive incarnations.  In any case,
the reserves of the primal collective become further dwindled and
contaminated.  Each person being born now is receiving less
consciousness than previous generations.  What consciousness they do
receive is simply a compilation or a mix of those consciousnesses that
have returned to the field.  This can be seen as one reason for the
diluted gene pools, as well as the diminished levels of intelligence
that are running rampant in the world today.  There just is not enough
experienced and conditioned consciousness to go around.  Those that
posses the strength and wisdom to remain self identified are usually
reborn to continue down what road it is that they have chosen.  These
are the people who "shine," as I like to call it.  These consciousness'
have had enough experience, gathered enough knowledge, and developed
enough strength of will to remain singular and self identified, even
beyond death.  This lends itself to the concept of reincarnation of the
soul, and to that of the immortality of consciousness.  So how does one
gain this knowledge, experience and strength necessary for conscious
immortality?  Well, it comes in steps, kind of like the lessons planned
in a curriculum.  First of, you must have the strength to make the
choice to become aware of yourself and your consciousness, and accept
the responsibilities that come with such decision.

	Becoming aware of ones self and their own consciousness is not
something that can be taught, given or shown to anyone.  It can only be
experienced through the conscious choice of the individual once they
realize that they must identify themselves apart from the collective.  A
genius can possess all the potential of the most advanced intellect in
the world, but until they choose it make use of it, until they find
their motivation to do something with it, it will remain useless and
locked away.  One danger of this is that just as with any muscles of the
body, if this intellect is not used regularly, it can atrophy, or become
diminished over time.  Children with super human calculation skills, if
left undeveloped, will sometimes loose their abilities as they grow
older and stop using them.  Now while this choice cannot be made for
anyone, guidance can be given as to a direction of growth.  It usually
ends up being a normal part of anyone growing up, and marks, for many,
their full emergence into adulthood.  This does not necessarily mean
that they are adults yet, merely that they are no longer dependent
children.  As we all know, this can be around age 7 for a child prodigy,
and not until after 40 for other people.  Now that we have become aware
of our consciousness, we can begin the journey toward the next and most
difficult step.  Becoming aware of yourself and your consciousness in
the multiverse.

	Imagine your consciousness as a shape.  Once you become aware of
yourself apart from the collective, then this shape begins to turn into
a circle, as it becomes more finely tuned and well rounded.  Now,
imagine that this circle represents the entirety of your consciousness,
while in each variation of existence; your consciousness is then
represented as a "slice" of this circle.  As each objective observation
and/or subjective decision is made, your consciousness splits again, to
allow for the newly entangled states.  You can see how complex and
infinitely large your consciousness could potentially be now, right? 
Every time you choose left over right, another variation is produced,
and continues down its own path, along the same time scale.  You must,
at this point, become aware of yourself and your consciousness in each
of these variations of existence.  This is the difficult part, as the
concept is of a nature above our third (4th/5th) dimensional perception
capabilities.  This is where most people loose track of their potential,
or in most cases, simply do not understand that such an "option" even
exists.  Where are these parallel dimensions, these multiple existences?
 The answer: In your head!  Remember the association of the conscious
and subconscious as entangled states?  Remember the Uncertainty
Principle when applied to entangled states?  Ah, yes, that faster than
light method of communication.  The common denominator that lies in each
variation of existence.  Your consciousness!  Once you realize that you,
not a part of you, but a whole you exists in each of these variations of
existence, and you are able to fully experience and understand that
revelation, will you be able to begin using this to your advantage. 
Imagine now that each of those “slices” or “shards” of
consciousness become full circles of consciousness themselves, and begin
to divide.  You can see, once again, the sheer magnitude of this
entangled consciousness when you apply exponential growth to it.  Now,
as I said before, this must be experienced by each individual, otherwise
it is meaningless, and you can not properly use the following bits of
information. Once you become aware of yourself in the multiverse,
however, you can move on to a much easier concept to handle.  This is
the knowledge part.  I am going to use a metaphor for knowledge here,
and represent it as a puzzle.  Let us start out by putting together a
puzzle.

	Imagine this time, a child’s puzzle of six pieces.  Relatively easy
to finish, no?  Now let us look at a 5000 piece puzzle.  A bit more
complicated, no?  Well, let us look at how we would approach putting
this puzzle together.  After identifying the borders of the puzzle, (the
scope of the concept), we begin to identify similar pieces based upon
the content of the picture.  Once we find all the pieces that make up a
specific group based on color for instance, we have a complete picture
of that color, yet we also see that it is simply a small piece to a much
larger puzzle, say a flowerbed.  Now we go through and identify all the
different colors and use those pieces to create the larger pieces, which
in turn fit together to make the flowerbed.  As each level is
transcended, you begin to play with larger and larger pieces, leading to
a finished puzzle at more of an exponential rate.  Now apply this to
learning.  As you begin learning about something, you are working with
small pieces of information as the pieces of the puzzle.  Then, as you
begin grasping the concepts, you move on to the more complicated
concepts, which are like the larger pieces of the puzzle, being larger
amounts of information.  As you realize the “big picture” in each
instance, you realize that it is only a smaller piece of a much larger
puzzle.  This is what leads to the exponential rate of learning of each
individual consciousness.  Now, apply this exponential rate of learning
to the infinite versions of yourself throughout the multiverse and
imagine what kind of things could be accomplished.  Just how much could
be learned by the singular consciousness if infinite different versions
of itself were all learning exponentially?  The only thing you need to
do now is plan ahead, so that each variation is aware of every other
variation, or rather that a singular consciousness is becoming a vast
depository for all this knowledge.  If you can keep yourself in
communication with this singular consciousness, sometimes referred to as
the higher self, then you should also have access to these vast stores
of information and knowledge!  This is truly the gift of knowledge, and
it can now be put to use in helping a consciousness gain the wisdom to
remain self-identified.  Just imagine what would be possible if the
infinite variations were all working toward a common goal?

	Now that we have this “roadmap” to reincarnation and/or immortality
of the consciousness, we must look at the bigger picture yet again.  It
is the combinations of all these pieces of consciousness that create
such a myriad of different people, physically as well as consciously. 
It seems that the consciousness holds the blueprint for DNA, and through
the activation of different genes, dictates the instructions for
building each body.  It is interesting to note here, that allowing for
mutations, the DNA of all humans is 99% exactly the same.  It is whether
or not certain genes are turned on or off that dictate our physical
makeup.  This leads to the question of whom or what dictates the makeup
of the consciousness.  Does each individual hold the key to their own
consciousness, or must they earn it from a “higher power?”

	According to the Tree of Life, the ancient Hebrew model of the path to
return to the source, existence as we know it, in the physical world, is
only the bottom rung on the ladder.  It is known as Malkuth, or the
Kingdom.  There are nine more spheres, or planes of existence that must
be transcended in order for one to be able to return to the source. 
Each of these “higher planes” have their own rules, laws and methods
dictated by their position and cosmic relationships that they have with
each other.  Here, in the Kingdom, we have many governments and
societies that define what laws and rules we must follow.  It seems only
fair to assume then, that on nine plus “higher planes,” there just
might be some sort of a society or hierarchy that defines what rules or
laws that those below must follow.  It seems to me then, that what
happens to our consciousness after each death can be predetermined by
the singular consciousness, or “higher self,” or the primal
collective that we are attempting to break away from.  This can be
especially apparent if you look at life here as a class.  Unless you
pass the test at the end of the class, you can not move on to the next
class, but must repeat the class.  It follows then, that our free will
has developed for us to choose how we reach any specific destination. 
As you make the choices that advance you along your path, you move in
and out of several of the probable possibilities that exist as part of
this infinite web of vibrating energy.  These can be roads or paths that
you have been down before, with the exception of the methods used in
reaching those points, along with the time frame.

Keeping this in mind, some will come to the point where they will either
settle on the one destiny for themselves, or they will accept a destiny
that they believe to have been chosen for them.  They will then continue
on toward that goal which for them will accomplish that specific
destiny.  This is not to say that a single being, “god” for lack of
a better term, sits on his throne deciding who does what, where and
when.  It is more like the collective consciousness that decides what
part your consciousness could, would or should play best.  You see, in
certain situations and philosophies, one piece of this collective
consciousness has the potential of developing enough self identity and
strength of will to be able to act as a single consciousness in itself. 
Of course the makeup of this consciousness could just be a random
anomaly that was combined at a certain astrological time, which
determines its makeup.  Ones consciousness, after all, seems to be some
type of combination of pieces from that first primal collective that has
been placed together, with or without an order. Each of these pieces at
one time or another, probably existed as intelligent pieces of another
consciousness, and gained their own bits and pieces of personality,
knowledge, experience etc. This, in my opinion, can lead to multiple
people in the present time claiming to be incarnations of people from
the past, as they all possibly contain one part of that former
consciousness. One part of the total intelligence out there. This is
where one begins their journey to break away from the many to become
one. “You must transcend the duality to be come one.”(Magicians
companion)

Once one starts down this path, they must go through many trials and
tests in order to prove themselves, to others as well as themselves.
This can and usually does lead to several problems which can hinder ones
progress, and influence things like self-confidence, motivation and
arrogance to name a few. All of these can have beneficial/desirable
effects as well as disastrous/undesirable effects at the same time. You
could potentially bite off more than you could chew, which could set you
back, or you might not organize your priorities right, which can lead to
many losses. Unfortunately these days, you must know when to, or not to
play the game, otherwise the timetable of the journey begins to loom far
off into the future. At times, it seems as if time itself either can not
or will not move fast enough to accomplish what must be done at any
specific moment. This can become a person’s worst enemy, and lead down
many wrong paths. Patience, as many philosophers know, becomes an
intimate factor in your success, as you must earn the respect of those
you place above you, as well as have them earn your respect. This is
seldom done with any simplicity, as the qualities necessary to earn such
respect are not based upon simple decisions because of a “quote” you
heard in a book one time, but on deeply imbued standards and virtues
from within your consciousness as well as your heart and soul. You must
fight through many complexities and many difficulties to unite all of
the pieces of your consciousness into one perfectly well oiled balance
of completion. Remember the “parallel existences?” The other pieces
of your consciousness? Eventually you must work with and through these
alternate incarnations of your consciousness to build yourself into the
best and most capable being that you possibly can.

In each variation or possibility of the choices that you make, a new
existence “stems” out into a new branch of energy to become a whole
other universe, or parallel existence. Each of these universes exists at
the same time, as they are both present day, however the differing
decisions made in the past result in different outcomes. In either
outcome, a conscious human being with different memories stemming from
different existences was created out of the same consciousness. In each
of these though, he was still part of one singular consciousness.  The
potential here is to work in combination with these other parts of your
consciousness for the purposes that you define for yourself. A great
example of what possible effects that this could have is the Jet Li
movie, The One. A person becomes aware of the multiple existence of
their own consciousness, and seeks to unite it all in one single body.
This could lead to the increase of knowledge, based upon the knowledge
that each one accumulated, augmented strength and a myriad of other
possibilities and paradoxes. It could even come to ones attention that
in order to move through each of these “incarnations” of yourself,
you would simply have to decide which consciousness you wanted to be
conscious in! Can one reach the point where they can step into and out
of any or all of their incarnations at will? Can you be completely
conscious, that is conscious in all incarnations at once, therefore
becoming one? This leads down a road of many choices, and many paths,
all with the destination of being a Master of Consciousness.

The Master Key of Reality

	All throughout history, people have been trying to write reality down
on paper.  Trying to give shape and form to this phenomenon that we
perceive.  it has been given many names, various shapes and sizes and
many levels of complexity.  To some, it is given the form of two cones
spinning and interacting along an axis.  To others, it can be quantified
by a 57 dimensional hyper-tetrahedron.  Whatever the case may be, each
of these variations are complete according to the understanding of the
individual who created them.  They are representations of their
experience and observations over the years.  While they may differ in
more than numerous ways, they are all an attempt to visualize existence
in simple, easy to understand terms that can be communicated and shared
with others along the same intellectual level.  The same is true with my
model of reality.  It is far from truly complete, as I am still "young"
in terms of how much there is to study along the lines of research I
have chosen, but I have reached what I perceive to be an accurate model
of the lower reaches of existence, according to the overall model that I
am using.  that of the Hebrew mystics and Jewish scholars.  The
Quabbalistic Tree of Life with it's ten spheres and 22 paths.

(pic of the Tree of Life)

	Now, a proper overview of the Tree of Live has been the LIFE pursuit of
many people, and the subject of hundreds of books.  It is a topic that
is entirely too massive to write about here, however I will be dealing
with the bottom two spheres later.  What I am going to give though, is
my short overview on the purpose that I use the Tree of Life for.  A
model of the path that can be taken by a consciousness to return to the
source.  How someone might, through conscious choice, become aware of
their consciousness, and raise it's level of operation to move through
the successively higher levels of existence to not only experience, but
return to, a union with the godhead.  This is called the art or science
of playing god, to borrow the term from Robert Anton Wilson.  Now that
you have an idea of what consciousness is, and how the multiverse
theoretically works, I am going to show you how you are a creator in
your own right, and how you may use those abilities, through this model
of reality, to bend and shape reality around your will.

	First off, you must have a deep understanding and connection with the
concept of Belief and Knowledge.  The procedures that will be following
herein absolutely rely on the fat that you know, rather than believe
what you will be experiencing.  This may seem like a small matter to
some, but I assure you, it makes all the difference.  It will be the
strength of your will that you shall be relying on here, and if you
simply believe what I write, without experiencing it properly, then you
will not be able to utilize the functions of reality that I am about to
explain.  It starts with an association that not many people ever make. 
For whatever reasons, most humans will rarely, if ever, try and actually
equate themselves with god.  I have, and I use this illustration to show
how, by methods used, each person is a creator in their own right.  I
call it the Tree of Creation, and it all centers around energy.

(pic of the Tree of Creation)

	In order to share this association with you, I will have to explain a
few of the philosophical ideas that went into creating this concept. 
That of the Primal Spark, The Universal Thread, and the Aethers.  Each
of these are very simple observations that, once identified, give you an
incredible range of abilities to begin experiencing, and eventually
utilizing.  You will recognize their potential more as we get further
along.  You see, people have been distancing themselves from god and
removing themselves from the light that closeness allows.  Hopefully,
with these next few pages, I can help you return to that light, so that
you may enjoy that closeness again.  All it takes to start is a little
bit of passion and burning desire.  The Primal Spark.

	Passion has been well documented throughout history in many forms and
mediums.  We see it in the smile of the Mona Lisa, hear it in the music
of Pink Floyd, taste it in the foods of different cultures and smell it
with every scented flower that we send to loved ones!  It has helped
create everything in the world hat has been deemed necessary, helpful or
desirable.  Passion is the reason behind everything.  A spark of desire
will lead armies into war as easily as it can lead to revolutions in the
field of medical technology.  All in all, it is this desire and its many
forms that starts the creation of any and every thing.  Thin about it. 
Without a need or want for something, would anyone ever put forth the
effort needed to create it?  Not likely, as there must always be a
reason to begin.  This is How creation begins.  The only other point
that needs to be made is Where creation begins.  For the answer to this,
you need look no further than your own head, and your imagination.  This
is what I call The Universal Thread of Connection.

	I use the term "universal" because even if you were to fly clear across
the galaxy, to some inhabited planet on the far reaches of existence,
you would find, in any intelligent species, the blank slate of the
imagination.  Everything that has been created has started in the
imagination.  From stone tables and megalithic structures to automobiles
and microchips, the imagination has always been the first tool used in
their construction.  it is a universal concept and prerequisite for the
existence of intelligence.  That is why I call it the Thread of
Connection.  Connected, through imagination, are the beginnings of every
variable pattern of energy that has, can and ever will be perceived.

"Imagination is more important than knowledge." (Albert Einstein, 1941)

"Imagination is what shapes the aethers." (Israel Regardie, ____)

	It is this latter concept that allows us to look at the power and
capabilities of the imagination as it is used by any consciousness, as
it IS the imagination that shapes the aethers, or energy.  Once this is
noted, and put into practical use, through what others have termed
"creative visualization," you can begin to get a feel for the idea of
writing your reality as you go.  Is the potential becoming clearer now? 
I'll take you just a bit further.

	Picture this.  A supreme consciousness that has developed over
un-definable lengths of time reaches a point where the "power" of it's
imagination is so great, that simply by the spark of passion and a split
second visualization upon its imagination, you have in existence what
was visualized.  Down to the molecular structure.  It is not such a hard
concept to grasp.  A consciousness with enough strength of will, and
wisdom to create, in its entirety, that which was imagined.  The god of
the Jews created with words alone.  The god of Tolkien mythology used
song.  All symbolic representations of the use of passion and
imagination to shape energy.  All this seems to be is a consciousness
that can create with the raw frequencies of energy necessary to effect
the interactions of several waves of energy into a perceivable pattern. 
Man can create new elements by combining atoms, thereby creating new
atoms.  So now the only thing that separates us from god is the creation
of the particles that make up the atoms themselves, though that will
most likely be achieved in the near future too!  Man holds the ability
to create life, and death, man holds the ability to shape energy
according to his imagination, and can choose to do so according to his
desire or need.  So man, and his consciousness is likened to a god, only
a much younger god.  One that has yet to surpass its own limitations,
but a god none the less.  This is how we read the tree then.

By using Passion and Imagination

God and Man

Shape Energy

Into Matter and Objects

And through Time

Create in Existence

	There are many interesting possibilities that hold to the ideals of
conceptualism.  In the early days of the evolution of consciousness,
there were the optimists and the pessimists.  Those who see the glass as
half full and those who see the glass as half empty respectively.  Soon
though, people began to tire of lying to themselves about how things
were.  You see, the more expectations you have, the more disappointments
there are.  As people began to notice this, they gradually adjusted
their point of view to include a more realistic outlook.  Looking at
things for what they really are limits the amount of disappointment, yet
not the total suffering of the individual.  What comes to mind here, is
that we are the ones defining what suffering is.  We define what is
joyful or painful, and we do so through the experience of both.

“The pain in life is measured

By how happy you’ve been”

Without the experience of our greatest sorrows, we would have nothing to
“rate” our greatest joys.  However, again, we see that candle lit
dinners and walks in the park are to some what being tied up and whipped
are to others.  These joys and sorrows are different for every person,
yet all come through our definitions that we create through the
experience of the moment.  This leads to the idea of conceptualism. 
Nothing is anything but what you make it.  With these abilities that
consciousness has available to perceive, we are now able to begin
defining our subjective reality according to our rules, and the ways we
see fit to run our lives.  This is opposed to the doctrines and
teachings of others.  Here is where the power of creation comes in.

	With the ability that consciousness has to define its own likes and
dislikes, and the power of perception to define reality, we come to find
that reality is not as concrete as previously thought.  On one end of
the spectrum, it is ordered and at the same time, chaotic.  On the other
end, it is balanced and full at the same time it is empty and void of
all things.  Now we begin to look at society as more of a system of
defining the concepts of the collective consciousness and tying them
more closely together, rather than giving them the individual ability to
define their own reality and become separate consciousness’.  Now we
see that these laws and rules are not as structured and unbreakable as
we first thought.  They are great guidelines to use, but until you begin
to make your own guidelines and define your own rules, you will always
be part of something greater.  For some, this is perfectly fine, and
they are happy spending their entire lives doing as they are told.  For
others, they cannot sit by and have their entire existence and reason
for being defined for them.  They must define it for themselves.  When
you realize that you are only recreating reality how you remember it
from the past, you can begin to try and recreate it how you want it. 
Using passion and imagination to create the ideals and concepts that you
wish to see, you can become that which people only thought they could
follow.  A creator, and a Master of Reality.

	Throughout the evolution of humans and their consciousness, many
different realities have been suggested.  The Quabbalistic Tree of Life,
the Enochian Aethers of the Angels, and the more familiar dimensions of
Isaac Newton or Albert Einstein.  These have all attempted to represent
reality through the observations and intuitions of those who designed
them.  Unfortunately, each of these models tend to rely solely on either
conceptual thought or physical observation.  Since you must have both in
order for completion, I have used the model of Newton and Einstein, as a
starting point, and continued on past where their measurements failed to
go.  They began with the concepts of dimensions that have been observed
in the classical sense.  Now for a little bit of conceptual observation
and physical thought…if you will.

	It begins with the normally accepted geometric concepts of measurement.
 Newton's model consisted of five dimensions to begin with.  These are
the measurements of Length, Width, Depth, then Space, then Time.  After
some time though, we came to realize, through Einstein’s concept of
relativity, that space and time are essentially the same thing.  When
approaching the speed of light, and around super-gravitational fields,
time and space both seem to "warp" or "curve" around the given points. 
This led physicists to redefine their model of dimensions to Length,
Width, Depth, space-time, since the fourth dimension is now considered
to be a "special time," or the "fabric" of space-time.

	Now we have a beginning.  After adding a "zero" dimension, for a point,
as you need two points for a line, three points for a plane and four
points for a polyhedron.  It is the basic building block for the rest. 
It is also known as location.  Using this along with Einstein’s theory
that reality existed in 11 dimensions, with the 11th being Reality, I
had this to work with.

	0)  Point

	1)  Line

	2)  Plane

	3)  Polyhedron

	4)  Space-time

	5)

	6)

	7)

	8)

	9)

	10)

Next I place these around a circle to account for the cyclic nature of
existence.  I was now at a standstill for the next step.  I continually
struggled with the eleven dimensions, and wondered why there was such a
number, along with where one would go from space-time?  This is where
the difficulty begins, as our normal senses can only perceive on so many
levels.  As the progression of each of the first dimensions are created
with the addition of an axis along a 90 degree angle, we have some sort
of rule to follow.  When we move from the third to the fourth however,
we see that there is no logical addition of a right angle, that would
produce Space-time.  We have moved into an all encompassing concept that
describes the forces that act upon these axies.  So where do we go from
there?  What is the next logical step?  I continued my search for many
days, until I was listening to a Tool song on the radio.  It has an
introduction by Bill Hicks, who was a proponent for less involvement
from the government while exercising ones individual mind and coming
together in the name of evolution.  He was quoted as saying:

"Today, young people are beginning to realize that matter is nothing but
energy reduced to a slow vibration."

	Now I had something to work with.  Matter is energy and energy is
matter.  It helped bring about a realization about the structure of
reality.  I noticed how all the dimensions up to now had been conceptual
ideas, and methods of measurement.  Looking at "Matter-Energy," I
noticed how one half was conceptual and the other half was physical.  It
was this transition from non-existence into existence, in one dimension.
 It was the dividing line between the objective and subjective. 
However, there is a small problem with my diagram.  Where one half
changes into the other doesn't correspond to where the opposite half
should change.  Being a Taoist, and taking influence from the dual
nature of reality, I thought that the dimensions at the top should meet
up evenly with those at the bottom, so I was not too sure of this model
at this point.  This was to change shortly while I was having a
conversation with a friend.

	We were speaking of divine creations, and how religions created by man
were not perfect, as any divine thing should be.  When he responded
using the word flawed, I explained to him the nature of perfection. 
Perfect does not mean flawless.  It means complete.  Along these lines,
perfection includes imperfection.  It must in order to be complete.  On
this note, I thought of reality, and of how the end is also the
beginning, the beginning is the end.  Everything and nothing.  Yin and
Yang.  It was this thought that led to the combination of the zero
dimension and the tenth.  Everything and nothing.  It also lined up the
dimensions neatly above and below, as "the least contains the greatest."
 Now, I also had a line dividing the conceptual from the physical.  The
symbol of the God.  Together with the circle, or goddess symbol, I was
coming to a more accurate picture of how reality, according to my
research, was put together.  Now I was left with this model, and again
had to research the next step.  The next logical progression.  As with
the last dimension, I had difficulty conceptualizing the next probable
step and had to brainstorm a bit.

(pic of circle w/10 to Matter-Energy)

	Reflecting back upon what I already had, I began to look for how these
dimensions were progressing, for the rule that regulated their
progression.  What it seemed to be was increasingly complex levels of
measurement, each incorporating all those before it.  Each becoming all
inclusive.  Where is the next measurement made?  How does everything
combine into something new?  I had ended up with matter so far.  A rock.
 Now I began to systematically run any type of measurement through my
mind that I could.  I worked furiously through every different
possibility that I could think of.  Most, if not all came back as
components of space-time.  Age.  Weight.  Mass.  Even movement was
considered.  Alas, all components of space-time.  This continued to
frustrate me until one day I decided to let it go for a while and ground
myself by sitting under a tree in the park.  Imagine the irony of this,
when the answer suddenly came to me with a flash of insight.  As I was
looking at the various giant live oaks around me, I began to look at
ways to measure them instead of the rock.  How tall, how big, how many
leaves or branches, how old…Age!  Nope.  Space-time again.  Then it
hit me.  What does the tree have that the rock does not?  Life!  From a
rock to a tree!  So simple, and hidden in plain sight.  I realized now,
that I was no longer looking at the progression of measurements, but
steps of evolution.  We have gone from molecular crystalline structures
to biological entities where some type of consciousness has directed DNA
to construct a life form.  The successive steps of evolution fell into
place quickly after this, as I now had the rule to follow!

	Starting with the rock, we see that it exists.  Once we move on to
life, we see an entity that is born, grows old, and can die.  It was
only logical to follow this train of thought to instinctual behavior. 
Now we move from the tree to the dog.  A creature that is born, grows
older, instinctually survives, and can die.  Again, along these lines,
we see the next step would amount to intellectual activity.  From the
dog, to the human.  Now, we have a creature that is born, grows old,
instinctually survives, can learn and intelligently manipulate it’s
own environment, and can die.  The next higher step is the spirit, or
the soul.  A life form that is born, grows older, instinctually
survives, intelligently manipulates its environment and can question its
own meaning and find reason for its own existence.  All these combined
brings us full circle to the tenth dimension.  That of perception. 
Remember, you don’t live in reality, you live in existence.  Reality
is what you perceive.  The cumulative result of all before and after it.
 The end and the beginning.  The Alpha, and the Omega.  Collectively
known to many as a separate being in and of itself, which they give many
names such as god, the source or a higher power, just to name a few. 
These are the Ten Dimensions of Reality, and these are all the
components of what make up god, of which you are an intricate part!  Now
that you know how that works, you can look at reality for what it is.  A
veil of perception that disguises the truth of existence.  A mirrored
curtain.

	The reality that we perceive as a collective these days is far from the
truth of what reality is.  Most of the definitions that we use are only
in place because of the collectively accepted ideas and perceptions that
are defined by society.  This comes from the conditioned behaviors and
structures of society’s need to be lazy and find the easiest way. 
This usually takes the form of letting other people define how you
perceive reality.  People may even choose to follow the will of god out
of laziness and/or the fear of being placed into moral or ethical
dilemmas, where they may find their feelings or opinions in conflict
with what they have been taught are “God’s Laws,” and therefore
are forced to think for themselves.  This tends to pass on
misconceptions from one person to the next, until the misconception, or
falsely understood definition becomes the accepted definition.  This can
be seen in things such as the notion that fate and destiny are the same
thing.  The passive part of the mind is the subconscious, belief is
based upon knowledge and good and evil mean right and wrong
respectively.  These are only a few of the many millions of
misconceptions that persist in the general definition of the objective
reality that we all share.  It is these misconceptions that tend to
create a veil or a curtain over our perceptions of reality.  A mirrored
curtain, which people do not even know that they are looking at.

The mirrored curtain of reality is actually the separation of these
false interpretations from the truth of existence that we perceive as
reality.  On one hand, we have matter and on the other hand, we have
energy.  Both different states of each other, but on opposite ends of
the spectrum.  Matter is energy and energy is matter.  Two opposite ends
of the same whole.  Both perceptions correct in existence, just one is
opinion and the other fact.  Look at the difference between light and
pigment.  Light is the color reflected off an object, while pigment is
the actual color of the object.  This means that when you look at
anything, you are perceiving the light that has been reflected, not the
actual color of the object.  Remember the orange?  You see the read and
yellow light reflected off the object filtering out all the blue light. 
This only serves to reinforce the idea that while everything exists,
none of it is true.  It’s just a backwards representation of what
really is.  A mirror image.  Is “Through the Looking Glass” starting
to make more sense now?  Let us go a little deeper down the rabbit hole.

	Have you ever sat and stared at something so long that it begins to
shake or shimmer?  That is reality you are looking at.  Not the change
in brightness from the tiring of your eyes, but a shake or shimmer.  All
you can see though is this side, this version of reality.  Many attempts
have been and will be made to view across this barrier.  It acts kind of
like a two way mirror that you may see used in an interrogation room on
television.  Depending on which side of the mirror the light is on
depends on which way you can see through the mirror.  If the light in
front of the mirror is brighter than behind the mirror, then it will
lead to a reflection on the front of the mirror.  If the light behind
the mirror is brighter than in front of the mirror, then the mirror will
appear as a translucent, semi-opaque pane of glass.  This is a result of
what I refer to as the “proper lighting conditions.”  The same thing
applies with the mirrored curtain of reality.  From this side, you can
clearly see only this side.  If you pay attention to the proper lighting
conditions though, you would be able to see through tot he other side at
certain times.  It is no wonder that most phenomena of the
“supernatural” are seen at night or in dark places.  This is when
the light on the other side of the mirror was brighter and allowed you
to see through a “window” to the other side of reality, to a higher
plane.  One more aspect of the mirrored curtain of reality.  Remember,
when you are looking in a mirror, you are not looking at yourself in the
mirror.  You are looking through the mirror at yourself from the other
side!  The only aspect to explain now is the curtain effect.

	Matter and energy have inherent wavelengths and harmonic frequencies
that they vibrate at.  This has been observed by many physicists in the
waveform nature of particles.  Even concrete has a resonant frequency. 
Look at the old Tacoma-Narrows Bridge in Washington State.  It would
move and sway with moderately high winds, and was looked upon as an
amusement attraction for a while.  One day though, the wind reached 42
miles per hour.  Does anyone else recognize the significance of that
number?  All of a sudden, the gentle roll and sway of the bridge became
a violent sinusoidal wave of movement.  Concrete spanning over a river
below acting like paper in the wind.  This was because of the harmonic
resonance of the bridge.  Everything has a resonant frequency,
everything has a wavelength and everything continuously moves according
to these values.  They all vibrate with certain frequencies in relation
to the ebb and flow of the cosmic tide.  There is a breath of life,
comparable to a cosmic heartbeat that creates this flow of energy.  This
is where we get the curtain aspect of reality.  It is moveable and has a
tendency to “blow in the wind.”  It is also possible to move through
this curtain to the other side of reality, to travel through the looking
glass.  Not surprisingly, this is usually done through the 9th dimension
of reality, as it is a spiritual path.  This can be accomplished through
the use of certain techniques of ones consciousness.  This path starts
with the spirit, and moves through reality to the other side of the
curtain.  Here is where the rules change, and you can get the most
practical use of this knowledge.  Consciously bending and shaping
reality around your will.

On this side of reality, we have physical existence.  Matter, objects
and material goods.  While observing this, I noticed that reality, at
the top, was the accepted and defined law for this side of reality, and
that matter-energy, at the bottom, was the building block.  Now that I
had a rule and a building block, I could begin to observe how they
interact, and therefore learn how to use them.  Technically, we can do
anything we want with matter, as long as we do not violate the laws of
reality.  In order to magically “conjure” a hundred dollar bill, we
would have to think about this realistically.  Materializing it out of
thin air violates the laws of reality, so we would have to work around
finding it on the ground or someone giving it to us.  These are only a
couple of the many different and realistic approaches to making this
money appear.  They are within the boundaries of reality and the rules
collectively approved by a majority of the participants.  This offers us
no direct advantages, save those of creative visualization.  Using the
imagination to shape the energy.  Now, once I develop a technique for
crossing through the curtain of reality, we can definitely define some
advantages.

	Through physical and mental exercise, or the proper use of certain mind
altering substances, one could cross through the mirrored curtain to
where reality could be perceived how you want.  Being on the “other”
side of the mirror, I took the Ten Dimensions and flipped them.  On this
side of the curtain, we have the Kingdom, or physical existence.  On the
other side of the curtain, we have the foundation, where energy takes
shape before being pulled into existence.  For those with the proper
wisdom and abilities though, this “other” side is a higher plane of
existence.  Here we see, through the inversion of the Ten Dimensions,
matter and reality have switched places  Pay close attention to this
next part.  On this “other” side of reality, the law at the top is
Matter-Energy, while the building block becomes reality.  Now, we are
able to do anything we want with reality as long as we don’t violate
the laws of matter-energy.  The advantages of this are great indeed.  A
reasonably strong will has power over reality here.  You can live for a
thousand years simply because you really want to.  You could potentially
materialize a hundred dollar bill out of thin air, and even rise into
the air to fly away!  All of these could be done, because they do not
violate the laws of matter-energy.  This is where one studies to attain
a higher consciousness, and where their path must go, as we must
eventually forsake the flesh in order to rise above.  Once we reached a
certain point in the lessons though, we could realistically gain the
ability to step into and out of a body at will.  Again, this is done
through spiritual means, and would bring you back through the curtain to
our side of reality.  Now man can develop his abilities, and act as a
creator, a god in his own right.  Just don’t forget that even gods
must learn, grow and evolve.

	With these abilities at your disposal now, you must learn how to use
them most effectively, as well as responsibly.  The slightest error in
your intents could end in devastatingly disastrous results.  About this
time, I would recommend doing a little soul searching, and formulate
your own set of rules, standards or code of conduct.  This will get you
familiar with some different aspects of “common courtesy” as well as
the social limits applied to you by your peers.  While you need not use
these as your definitions, per se, you could definitely benefit from not
fighting against them at this point.  If there is one thing that I have
learned over the years, it is that when you fight yourself, only you can
loose.  That and the misuse or abuse of these abilities can lead to the
wrong effects happening on an all to frequent basis.  Imagine people who
always want this or that.  Now imagine that they gain the ability to get
anything that they want.  Then, without knowing, they over develop it
and it turns into getting everything that you ask for.  Everything! 
This is where the old adage comes from.  Be careful what you ask for,
‘cuz sometimes you might get it, for Karma is a bitch, and won’t let
you forget it!

The Social Condition

	Social interaction between citizens of a community is at an all time
low.  What little interaction there is usually follows the standards of
rudeness rather than those of courtesy.  As common courtesy sinks
further into history, it is quickly becoming a "lost art" or like Latin,
a dead language that only a few choose to study, and even fewer choose
to apply to their daily lives.  We are constantly and ritualistically
bombarded by almost every single negative aspect of human nature,
behavior and effect that can be discovered with ease, as opposed to the
positive consequences.  The good in humanity is often discarded and
ostracized from the normal routine by any given society, as it paints a
picture of what life not only could be, but also should be.  When
confronted with this picture, most turn away out of personal necessity,
out of pure same that they did not help paint that picture themselves.

	"Whatever we refuse to let ourselves to, be…we refuse to tolerate in
any other living soul." (Hyde, Catharine Ryan, Pay It Forward, Simon &
Schuster, New York, 2001)

	The number of "good" people that any average person knows can most
likely be counted on less than two hands.  Along with the forgotten art
of common courtesy (manners), these people become increasingly rare, or
hidden, as society mandates that everyone should pay attention to only
themselves.  The average citizen then becomes the definition of
negativity, defined by their non-involvement in what could easily turn
from a community into a family.  A cause definitely worth fighting for,
no?  Where are the people to fight for such a noble cause?  What
citizens are willing to stand and make a difference?

	"There have been many great men and women involved in causes, to which
they gave their energies, resources and support.  Those people, however,
recognized the importance of their own beings, and added that vitality
to causes in which they believed.  They did not submerge their
individuality to causes.  Instead, they asserted their individuality,
and became more themselves.  They extended their horizons, pushed beyond
the conventional mental landscapes - driven by zest and vitality, by
curiosity and love, and not by fear."  (Roberts, Jane, The Individual
and the Nature of Mass Events, Amber Allen Publications, San Rafael, CA,
1995)

	There are good people out there.  I have met quite a few over the
years.  Often, however, they are but one of a select few who endlessly
embody those ideal qualities of humanity.  They do this by choice, not
by force, as many of them will tell you unequivocally, that they have
chosen the hardest road by far.  The isolation that they suffer amid the
masses usually causes them to teach by example.  Unfortunately, their
single acts of good faith and common courtesy go all but unheard upon
the ears of those who refuse to listen.  Endlessly plagued with the
knowledge that you can only teach those who want to learn, these ideal
people spiral into and out of our societies.  This all while the society
itself continues to preach the ideal qualities it finds necessary to
immortalize in movies and faerie tales.  It always tends to oust these
individuals out of fear of the truth, which many know but fail to
accept.  The fact that they too are part of the problems that haunt our
communities today.

	"Sometimes I think theologians have it backwards.  The big problem is
not how to explain the existence of evil in this world.  It's How to
explain the existence of good!" (Lestat, Rice, Anne, Blood Canticle,
Knopf, New York, 2003)

	It is time now that everyone take a good long look inside themselves,
and without shame or anger, understand that man is not inherently sinful
or evil, but simply afraid of being such.  By eternally dwelling on this
negative aspect though, every one of you further contributes, each in
your own ways, to the problems that infest our culture.

	"Man is of good intent.  When you see the evil everywhere in man's
intent - in your own actions and those of others - then you set yourself
up against your own existence, and that of your kind.  You focus upon
the gulf between your ideals and your experience, until the gulf is all
that is real.  You will not see man's good intent, or you will do so
ironically - for in comparison with your ideals, good in the world
appears to be so minute as to be a mockery.

	To this extent, experience becomes closed.  Such people are frightened
of themselves, and of the nature of their existence.  They may be
intelligent or stupid, gifted or mundane, but they are frightened of
experiencing themselves as themselves, or of acting according to their
own wishes.  They help create a dogma or system or cult to which they
"fall prey."  They expect their leaders to act for them.  To a certain
extent he soaks up their paranoia, until it becomes an unquenchable
force in him, and he is their 'victim' as much as his followers are his
'victims.'" (Roberts, Jane, The Individual and the Nature of Mass
Events, Amber Allen Publications, San Rafael, CA, 1995)

	This all continues in a vicious cycle of apathy and non-involvement
until such events occur that cause us to ask "why did this happen?" 
Then, in answer to this stationary question, we get the same systematic
responses all of which neatly avoid placing the blame where it actually
belongs.  Upon each member of the community involved.  It is not
television, as it simply reflects our culture. It does not define it. 
It is not those who do or do not vote, as they all rarely keep up with
their constituents and elected officials anyways.  It is not the lack of
religion, as issues of faith belong to each individual personally, and
if left alone are normally addressed through the process of "growing
up."  It is from the lack of community involvement, in which things like
Integrity and Loyalty and Honor cannot be seen in action.

	As these arts become further and further lost among the cracks of our
increasingly disjointed society, we loose those feelings, which, at
first, held us so close together.  However, what has become blatantly
obvious is that we no loner care for our fellow neighbors, as we are
taught to prioritize according to incentive.  We only place importance
upon those things that will provide us with the most "rewarding"
materials.  Money, cars, houses, furniture, health insurance.  We no
longer look out our windows, see the neighbor working in the yard, and
venture out with a pitcher of tea to say hello.  We much rather complain
about all the noise their lawnmower makes and report them to the police
if they have too many people over.  You can no longer expect to have a
polite greeting returned while on the streets, as your intentions will
always be questioned, and driving has moved from "safety first" to
offensive and defensive.  These are all consequences of each individual
placing more importance on themselves than their fellow human being,
which leads to a secular, separatist and egocentric society.  Today
people would rather tear each other down rather than expend ten times
less energy and build each other up.  They would rather find fault and
blame out among the masses, rather than take responsibility for their
own part in the community.

	"Quite talking about great souls and how they should be.  Become one
yourself!" (Aurelius, Marcus, Meditations)

	What I think is needed today is for all of us to come together, first
as a community, so that we may be able to share our knowledge and
experience to help further improve the quality of life around us.  There
are those of you who have great souls.  There are those of you who know
what I am speaking of deep down in your heart.  Take those ideals in
your hearts and imagine what would happen if you and even four others
with the same passion and desire, got together to make a difference.  I
have seen such communities before, I have been part of such families
before.  Together, there was nothing that we could not accomplish. 
Together, we were a force to be reckoned with.  As we stood together, on
a united front, with common goals, we were hard to ignore.  We lived a
quality of life much better than that of surrounding communities.  This
led to people wanting to become part of our community, so that they too
may take advantage of this mythical and idealistic way of life.  All it
took was adherence to simple rules, known today as common courtesy,
which include but are not limited to, respect for your neighbor and
their life, and the acceptance of the responsibility to treat your
neighbor as you would like them to treat you.

	"They say that a Hero can save us, I'm not going to stand here and
wait." (Nickelback, Hero, Spiderman Soundtrack)

	Here is where your part comes in.  Here is where you can decide to
continue being part of the problem, or you can take a step up, and be an
example to the community around you of how life can be, and how
absolutely easy it would be if you would all just come together, with
the common goal of being better than you are now.  I have chosen to
think, Midtown.  Will you?

	

